The Rochers de Gagnerie (2,735 m) are a mountain of the Chablais Alps, overlooking the Lac de Salanfe in the canton of Valais. They lie in the massif of the Dents du Midi, forming a huge wall at the end of the Saint Barthélemy valley, south-west of Mex.
The mountain includes several secondary summits, among which the sharp needle of La Vierge (2,641 m).
Rochers de Gagnerie on Hikr
80,000 Suspects is a 1963 British film directed by Val Guest and starring Claire Bloom, Richard Johnson, Yolande Donlan, and Cyril Cusack. It concerns an outbreak of smallpox in Bath, England.
Commencing on New Year's Eve in the city of Bath, Dr. Steven Monks (Richard Johnson) diagnoses a mystery patient as being infected with smallpox and sets in motion a citywide quarantine to contain the outbreak. His commitment to the task is affected by the deterioration of his marriage to ex-nurse Julie (Claire Bloom) following his clandestine affair with a family friend.
Monks receives an unexpected blow when the disease strikes closer to home than anticipated and Julie is diagnosed as having contracted the virus. The medical team gradually contains the outbreak until only one unidentified case remains.
The search narrows the identity of final carrier down to Ruth Preston (Yolande Donlan), the woman with whom Monks had been having an affair and the wife of his close colleague Clifford (Michael Goodliffe). She's eventually traced to a deserted house where she's sheltering, lonely and desperately ill.
Claire Bloom as Julie Monks
Richard Johnson as Steven Monks
Yolande Donlan as Ruth Preston
Cyril Cusack as Father Maguire
Michael Goodliffe as Clifford Preston
Mervyn Johns as Buckridge
Kay Walsh as Matron
Norman Bird as Harold Davis
Vanda Godsell as Agnes Davis
Basil Dignam as Medical Officer
Arthur Christiansen as Editor
Ray Barrett as Bennett
Andrew Crawford as Dr. Ruddling
Jill Curzon as Nurse Jill
Ursula Howells as Joanna Duten
Basil Dignam as Medical Officer Boswell
Arthur Christiansen as Mr. Graney
Ray Barrett as Health Inspector Bennett
David Weston as Brian Davis (uncredited)
Pauline Barker as Clara (uncredited)
Joby Blanshard as Health Inspector Matthews (uncredited)
Felix Bowness as Wellford (uncredited)
Olwen Brookes as Senior Nursing Officer (uncredited)
Victor Brooks as Health Inspector Collins (uncredited)
Gerald Case as Chief Administration Officer (uncredited)
Norman Chappell as Welford (uncredited)
Rachel Clay as Jane Davis (uncredited)
H. Leonard Coggins as Waiter (uncredited)
Richard Coleman as Scott James (uncredited)
Maureen Crombie as Auxiliary Nurse (uncredited)
Monti DeLyle as Night Porter (uncredited)
Marian Diamond as Sister Durrell (uncredited)
Suzan Farmer as Carole (uncredited)
Leonie Forbes as Nurse Vicky (uncredited)
Stewart Guidotti as Sidney Davis (uncredited)
Alan Keith as Health Inspector Sanders (uncredited)
Bruce Lewis as Himself - TV Reporter (uncredited)
Peter Madden as Ambulance Driver (uncredited)
Terry Martin as Guildhall Sergeant (uncredited)
Carmel McSharry as Cleaner (uncredited)
John Merivale as Mr. Bradley (uncredited)
Graham Moffatt as Fat Man in Vaccination Line (uncredited)
Bruce Montague as Brooks (uncredited)
Ian Parsons as Health Inspector (uncredited)
Lisa Peake as Nurse Lisa (uncredited)
David Rose as Health Inspector (uncredited)
Guy Thomas as Himself - Newsreader (uncredited)
Kim Tracy as Daphne Davis (uncredited)
Russell Waters as Town Clerk of Bath (uncredited)
Joseph Wise as Deputy Health Minister (uncredited)
Anthony Flagg as Telegraph Engineer (uncredited)
80,000 Suspects at IMDb
British Movie Directors [1] Retrieved 2010-03-11.
Original Clip from film [2] Retrieved 2010-03-11.
Opening scenes Clip from film [3] Retrieved 2010-03-11.
"Bath Movie Map" (PDF). Visitbath.co.uk. p. 3. Archived from the original (PDF) on 8 April 2014. Retrieved 2 August 2017.
Val Guest - Obituary, 15 May 2006 - The Independent [4] Retrieved 2010-03-12.
Dahlia Salem (born November 21, 1971 in New York, New York) is an American actress. She played Sofia Carlino on Another World and Claire Walsh on General Hospital. At the age of six, she was already impersonating family and friends at gatherings.  After enrolling in Boston University, Salem began exploring her interest in acting by performing in several college productions including Othello and Biloxi Blues, and earned a nomination for The Irene Ryan Award for her portrayal of Helena in R.U.R.
After earning her bachelor's degree, Salem was accepted to the Circle in the Square Theater Conservatory program in New York City, where she studied for two years.  Among her noteworthy stage performances are a staged reading of the classic Strindberg play The Father, opposite Al Pacino, and her Broadway debut as the understudy for the role of Rosa in the Broadway production of Tennessee Williams' classic, The Rose Tattoo, opposite Mercedes Ruehl and Anthony LaPaglia.Upon completing the Conservatory program, Salem signed on with an agent and landed the role of the sassy and passionate Sofia Carlino on the NBC daytime drama Another World.  After three years as Sofia, Salem decided to pursue a career in primetime television and film, and before long, she made guest star appearances on NBC's Third Watch and CBS' Now and Again.  Her other television credits include the WB pilot Sullivan Street, Fox Family Channel's The Fearing Mind, and the upcoming Disney film Newport South (executive produced by John Hughes).Not long after wrapping production on Return to Cabin by the Lake, Salem landed a guest starring role in Dope, a new pilot for the FX network featuring Jason Priestley.
Salem lives in Los Angeles with her chocolate lab, Amelie.
Another World (unknown episodes, 1995–98) .... Sofia Carlino
Now and Again (2 episodes, "Fire and Ice" and "Disco Inferno", 2000) .... Woman / Miss Avalona
Third Watch (1 episode, "Journey to the Himalayas", 2000) .... Sheila
Return to Cabin by the Lake (2001) (TV) .... Alison Gaddis
New Port South (2001) .... Kameron
The Agency (1 episode, "The Enemy Within", 2002) ....
Sex, Politics & Cocktails (2002) (assistant director) (uncredited)
Alaska (2003) (TV) .... Allison Harper
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (1 episode, "Crash and Burn", 2003) .... Elaine Alcott
Threat Matrix (1 episode, "Veteran's Day", 2003) .... DEA Agent Maria Cruz
Peacemakers (1 episode, "A Town Without Pity", 2003) .... Sabrina Hamilton
JAG (1 episode, "The Boast", 2003) .... Ginny Serrano
Eyes (1 episode, "Shots", 2005) .... Elisa Cruz
The King of Queens (1 episode, "Sandwiched Out", 2005) .... Waitress
House (1 episode, "Sleeping Dogs Lie", 2006) .... Max
CSI: Miami (1 episode, "One of Our Own", 2006) .... FBI Agent Heather Landrey
ER (7 episodes, 2005–06) .... Dr. Jessica Albright
Criminal Minds (1 episode, "Aftermath", 2006) .... Maggie Callahan
Her Sister's Keeper (2006) (TV) .... Kate Brennan
Justice (2 episodes, "Shotgun" and "Christmas Party", 2006) .... DA then DDA Susan Hale
The Nines (2007) .... Herself
Army Wives (1 episode, "Nobody's Perfect", 2007) .... Belinda Greer
Paul Blart: Mall Cop (2009) .... Mother
Medium (1 episode, "All in the Family", 2009) .... Harmony Fletcher
Love Finds a Home (2009) (TV) .... Mabel Mcqueen
Castle (1 episode, "The Fifth Bullet", 2009) .... Tory Westchester
The Forgotten (1 episode, "Patient John", 2010) .... Dr. Mallory Messenger
In Plain Sight (TV Series)  "Love in the Time of Colorado" (2011) …. Winnie Kirsh
General Hospital (96 episodes, 2010) .... Claire Walsh
Cut! (2014) .... Chloe Joe
CSI: Cyber (1 episode, "Click Your Posion", 2015) .... Jane Bruno
Dahlia Salem at IMDb
Tedamali, also known as Telamali, is a Wayana village on the Lawa River in French Guiana.
Tedamali lies about 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) upstream the Lawa river from Maripasoula.
Wayana Boy, a musician whose real name is David Khana, lives in Tedamali.
Boven, Karin M. (2006). Overleven in een Grensgebied: Veranderingsprocessen bij de Wayana in Suriname en Frans-Guyana (PDF). Amsterdam: Rozenberg Publishers.
Duin, Renzo Sebastiaan (2009). Wayana Socio-political Landscapes: Multi-scalar Regionality and Temporality in Guiana (PDF). University of Florida.
WGAY (105.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Dance format. Licensed to Sugarloaf Key, Florida, United States, the station serves the Florida Keys area.  The station is currently owned by Magnum Radio.
WGAY-FM Official website
WGAY in the FCC FM station database
WGAY on Radio-Locator
WGAY in Nielsen Audio's FM station database
Theodore Peder "Ted" Mittet (born December 23, 1941) is an American rower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.Mittet was born in Seattle, Washington. In 1964 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless fours event.
Caroline Schuch (1739-1787), was a German actor and theater director.  She was married to the actor and theater director 
Franz Schuch (1741-1771) and managed the Königsberg theater after him in 1771-1787, while touring East Prussia during the summers. Alongside her spouse, she dominated the theater stage of East Prussia in the second half of the 18th-century and with him referred to as one of the most noted actors of her time.
Hugo Rasmus: Lebensbilder westpreußischer Frauen in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart. Nicolaus-Copernicus-Verlag, Münster 1984, ISBN 3-924238-07-3.
That's My Boy is a British sitcom starring Mollie Sugden that aired on ITV from 23 October 1981 to 4 April 1986.
The series was written and created by Pam Valentine and Michael Ashton, who later wrote My Husband and I (1987–88), which also starred Mollie Sugden. It was produced for the ITV network by Yorkshire Television, and although the first 3 series were set in London, was filmed in and around Harrogate in North Yorkshire.
Mollie Sugden – Ida Willis
Christopher Blake – Robert Price
Jennifer Lonsdale – Angie Price
Clare Richards – Mrs Price (series 1–4)
Harold Goodwin – Wilfred Willis
Deddie Davies – Miss Parfitt (series 4–5)
Thelma Whiteley – Mrs Cross (series 5)
When Ida Willis (Mollie Sugden) gets a new job as housekeeper to Robert Price (Christopher Blake) and his wife Angie (Jennifer Lonsdale), she moves into their London flat and soon discovers that Robert is the son she gave up for adoption when he was a baby, and she proceeds to call him Shane, the name she gave him when he was born. Other characters include Ida's troublesome brother Wilfred (Harold Goodwin) and Robert's adoptive mother Cecilia Price (Clare Richards), an upmarket widow with whom Ida doesn't get on. In the fourth series they moved to the Yorkshire village of Little Birchmarch, where Ida befriends Robert's mousy receptionist, Miss Parfitt (Deddie Davies).
All five series are now available individually from Network DVD.
A complete VHS collection of That's My Boy was also released.
ITV3 started repeating the series on 10 February 2020.
A single episode of That's My Boy has been released in the UK as part of a DVD compilation called Classic ITV Christmas Comedy.
Mark Lewisohn Radio Times Guide to TV Comedy, BBC Worldwide Ltd, 2003
That's My Boy at IMDb
That's My Boy at British Comedy Guide
This is a List of Kazakhstan Islands
Basaral
Barsa-Kelmes
Bolshiye Peshnyye Islands
Durneva Island
Korzhin Island
Spirkin Oseredok Island
Tasaral
Tyuleniy Archipelago (Kazakhstan)
Vozrozhdeniya Island
Zhanbay Island
Celluloide is a 1996 Italian historical drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani from a screenplay by Furio Scarpelli, Ugo Pirro and Lizzani, based on the 1983 novel of the same name by Pirro. It stars Giancarlo Giannini, Massimo Ghini, Anna Falchi, and Lina Sastri.
The story revolves around the difficult production of Roberto Rossellini's film Rome, Open City (1945).
Giancarlo Giannini as Sergio Amidei
Massimo Ghini as Roberto Rossellini
Anna Falchi as Maria Michi
Lina Sastri as Anna Magnani
Massimo Dapporto as Giuseppe Amato
Antonello Fassari as Aldo Fabrizi
Milva as The Countess
Christopher Walken as US Officer Rod E. Geiger
Massimo Ciavarro as Massimo Serato
Francesca Ventura as Jone Tuzi, the script supervisor
Francesco Siciliano as Federico FelliniGiuliano Montaldo has an uncredited cameo as Civalleri, one of the film's early financers.
The film was a passion project of Lizzani's, who tried to get it financed since 1983. Sabrina Ferilli was originally chosen to play Magnani, but ended up refusing. Principal photography began on 8 May 1995 in Rome.
Celluloide at IMDb
Gunhill Road are an American rock band formed in 1969 in Mount Vernon, New York. The band was founded by guitarist Glenn Leopold, pianist Steve Goldrich, and bassist Gil Roman, who was replaced by Paul Reisch in 1973. They are best known as one-hit wonders for their lone pop hit, "Back When My Hair Was Short", which peaked at number 40 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in June 1973. On the Cash Box Top 100, the song reached number 25, and spent 15 weeks on the chart. It reached number 37 on the Adult Contemporary chart. In Canada, the song reached number 53.
The band released two albums in the 1970s. Their first release, on Mercury Records, was 1971's First Stop, credited to "Gun Hill Road". The second album, Gunhill Road, was released in 1972 and produced by Kenny Rogers. However, the original version of the song "Back When My Hair Was Short" had several references to drugs, and thus was re-recorded with changed lyrics and a more up-tempo feel to make it more radio-friendly. The songs "Sailing" and "42nd Street" were also re-recorded. When the album was re-released, "Back When My Hair Was Short" became a national hit. The album received positive reviews, and was often featured on many FM and college radio stations. According to Billboard, "Back When My Hair Was Short" had the distinction in 1973 of being top 10 in more different markets at more different times than any other record of that year.
They were long sought after as opening acts, working with George Carlin, Robert Klein, Poco, Harry Chapin, Jim Croce, John Sebastian, Lily Tomlin, Cheech & Chong, Gordon Lightfoot, Soupy Sales and Bette Midler. In addition, they appeared on American Bandstand, Midnight Special and other TV programs.
On October 24, 2011, the Wounded Bird label reissued the 1973 version of the "Gunhill Road" album on CD with five bonus tracks:  The non-LP tracks "Ford Desoto Cadillac" and "We Can't Ride The Roller Coaster Anymore", and the original 1972 versions of "Sailing", "42nd Street" and "Back When My Hair Was Short".
On November 4, 2011, Glenn Leopold, Paul Reisch and Steven Goldrich reunited for the first time since 1976 to perform at a benefit in Montclair, N.J. to feed the homeless, and honor their former manager and longtime Bitter End owner Paul Colby.
In October 2014, they returned to the Bitter End to perform for the first time in 40 years. Also in 2014, the group self-released their first album since 1973, aptly titled Every 40 Years. In 2017, a documentary film of the same name was released, detailing the band's history and reunion.
In 2019, they started recording for their 4th album. The release was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and it is now expected to be released in early spring of 2021.
In 2020, Michael Harrison, ( Publisher, Talkers.Com, and a legendary radio personality ), and Brian Koonin, ( a major force both as a Broadway musician, as well as studio session player, and concert performer ), joined Gunhill Road. Their talents, energy, and vision, are making their new album, ( now due out in early spring, 2021 ) a milestone, in their storied career.
Augustus Tolton (April 1, 1854 – July 9, 1897), baptized Augustine Tolton, was the first Roman Catholic priest in the United States publicly known to be black when he was ordained in 1886. (The Healy brothers, who preceded him, all passed for White.) 
A former slave who was baptized and reared Catholic, Tolton studied formally in Rome. He was ordained there on Easter Sunday of 1886 at the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran. 
Assigned to the diocese of Alton (now the Diocese of Springfield), Tolton first ministered to his home parish in Quincy, Illinois. Later assigned to Chicago, Tolton led the development and construction of St. Monica's Catholic Church as a black "national parish church," completed in 1893 at 36th and Dearborn Streets on Chicago's South Side.
He was declared Venerable by Pope Francis in June 2019.
Augustus Tolton was born in Missouri to Peter Paul Tolton and his wife Martha Jane Chisley, who were enslaved. His mother, who was raised Catholic, named him after an uncle named Augustus. He was baptized Augustine in St. Peter's Catholic Church near Rensselaer, Missouri, a community in northeast Missouri. His master was Stephen Elliott. Savilla Elliot, his master's wife, stood as Tolton's godmother.
How the members of the Tolton family gained their freedom remains a subject of debate. According to accounts, Tolton told friends and parishioners, his father escaped first and joined the Union Army. Tolton's mother then ran away with her children Samuel, Charley, Augustine, and Anne. With the assistance of sympathetic Union soldiers and police, she crossed the Mississippi River, and into the Free State of Illinois. According to descendants of the Elliott family, though, Stephen Elliott freed all his slaves at the outbreak of the American Civil War and allowed them to move North. Augustine's father died of dysentery before the war ended.
After arriving in Quincy, Illinois, Martha, Augustus, and Charley began working at the Herris Tobacco Company, where they made cigars. After Charley's death at a young age, Augustine met Peter MCGirr, an Irish immigrant priest from Fintona, County Tyrone. The latter allowed him to attend St. Peter's parochial school during the winter months when the factory was closed. The priest's decision was controversial in the parish. Although abolitionists were active in the town, many of McGirr's parishioners objected to a black student at their children's school. McGirr held fast and allowed Tolton to study there. Later, Tolton continued studies directly with some priests.Despite McGirr's support, Tolton was rejected by every American seminary to which he applied. Impressed by his personal qualities, McGirr continued to help him and enabled Tolton's study in Rome. Tolton graduated from St. Francis Solanus College (now Quincy University) and attended the Pontifical Urbaniana University, where he became fluent in Italian language as well as studying Latin and Greek.
Tolton was ordained to the priesthood in Rome in 1886 at age 31. His first public Mass was in St. Peter's Basilica on Easter Sunday in 1886. Expecting to serve in an African mission, he studied its regional cultures and languages. Instead, he was directed to return to the United States to serve the black community.
Tolton celebrated his first Mass in the United States at St. Boniface church in Quincy. He attempted to organize a parish there, but over the years, met with resistance from both white Catholics (many of whom were ethnic German) and Protestant blacks, who did not want him trying to attract people to another denomination. He organized St. Joseph Catholic Church and school in Quincy but ran into opposition from the new dean of the parish, who wanted him to turn away white worshipers from his services.After reassignment to Chicago, Tolton led a mission society, St. Augustine's, which met in the basement of St. Mary's Church. He led the development and administration of the Negro "national parish" of St. Monica's Catholic Church, built at 36th and Dearborn Streets on the South Side. The church nave seated 850 parishioners and was built with money from philanthropists Mrs. Anne O'Neill and Katharine Drexel.St. Monica's Parish grew from 30 parishioners to 600 with the construction of the new church building. Tolton's success at ministering to black Catholics quickly earned him national attention within the Catholic hierarchy. "Good Father Gus," as he was called by many, was known for his "eloquent sermons, his beautiful singing voice, and his talent for playing the accordion."Several contemporaneous news articles describe his personal qualities and importance. An 1893 article in the Lewiston Daily Sun, written while he worked to establish St. Monica's for African American Catholics in Chicago, said, "Father Tolton ... is a fluent and graceful talker and has a singing voice of exceptional sweetness, which shows to good advantage in the chants of the high mass. It is no unusual thing for many white people to be seen among his congregation."Among Chicago’s Catholics, Fr. Tolton found a warm welcome from the Jesuits of Holy Family Church and St. Ignatius College (now St. Ignatius College Prep). They invited him to stay in the Jesuit residence in the 1869 school building and to preach at the High Mass at Holy Family on Jan. 29, 1893. Holy Family was then the largest English-speaking parish in Chicago, composed primarily of Irish immigrants and their children who were also struggling to establish a home in the sometimes unwelcoming city. Fr. Tolton appealed “at all the masses” and collected $500 ($14,000 in 2020) for St. Monica Church, which was dedicated on Jan. 14, 1894. The True Witness and Catholic Chronicle in 1894 described him as "indefatigable" in his efforts to establish the new parish.
Daniel Rudd, who organized the initial Colored Catholic Congress in 1889, was quoted in the November 8, 1888, edition of The Irish Canadian as commenting about the Congress by saying,  "For a long time the idea prevailed that the negro was not wanted beyond the altar rail, and for that reason, no doubt, hundreds of young colored men who would otherwise be officiating at the altar rail today have entered other walks. Now that this mistaken idea has been dispelled by the advent of one full-blooded negro priest, the Rev. Augustus Tolton, many more have entered the seminaries in this country and Europe."  Tolton would go on to say Mass at the Congress itself, held in Washington, DC. 
Another indication of the prominence given Tolton by parts of the American Catholic hierarchy was his participation, a few months later, on the altar at an international celebration of the centenary of the establishment of the first U.S. Catholic diocese in Baltimore. Writing about it in the New York Times edition of November 11, 1889, the correspondent noted that "As Cardinal Gibbons retired to his dais [on the altar at the Mass], the reporters in the improvised press gallery noticed for the first time, not six feet away from him in the sanctuary among the abbots and other special dignitaries, the black face of Father Tolton of Chicago, the first colored Catholic priest ordained in America."
Tolton began to be plagued by "spells of illness" in 1893. Because of them, he was forced to take a temporary leave of absence from his duties at St. Monica's Parish in 1895.At the age of 43, on July 8, 1897, he collapsed and died the following day at Mercy Hospital as a result of the heat wave in Chicago in 1897. After a funeral which included 100 priests, Tolton was buried in the priests' lot in St. Peter's Cemetery in Quincy, which had been his expressed wish.
After Tolton's death, St. Monica's was made a mission of St. Elizabeth's Church. In 1924 it was closed as a national parish, as black Catholics chose to attend parish churches in their neighborhoods.
Tolton is the subject of the 1973 biography From Slave to Priest by Sister Caroline Hemesath. The book was reissued by Ignatius Press in 2006.
In 1990, Sister Jamie T. Phelps, O.P., an Adrian Dominican Sister and then-faculty member of the Theology Department at Catholic Theological Union, initiated the Augustus Tolton Pastoral Ministry Program in consultation with Don Senior, President of CTU, the theology faculty, and representatives of the Archdiocese of Chicago, to prepare, educate, and form black Catholic laity for ministerial leadership in the Archdiocese of Chicago.
The Father Tolton Regional Catholic High School opened in Columbia, Missouri, in 2011.
Augustus Tolton Catholic Academy opened in the fall of 2015 in Chicago, Illinois. Tolton Academy is the first STREAM school in the Archdiocese of Chicago. A focus on science, technology, religion, engineering, arts, and math sets it apart as a premier elementary school in Chicago. Tolton Academy is located at St. Columbanus Church.
On March 2, 2010, Francis George of Chicago announced that he was beginning an official investigation into Tolton's life and virtues with a view to opening the cause for his canonization. This cause for sainthood is also being advanced by the Diocese of Springfield, Illinois, where Tolton first served as priest, as well as the Diocese of Jefferson City, Missouri, where his family was enslaved.
On February 24, 2011, the Roman Catholic Church officially began the formal introduction of the cause for Tolton's sainthood, which must take place in a public session. He is now designated a Servant of God. Also, at this time, there was the establishment of historical and theological commissions, which will investigate the life of Tolton, and Father Tolton Guild, which is responsible for the promotion of his cause through spiritual and financial endeavors. George assigned Joseph Perry, Auxiliary Bishop of Chicago, to be the Diocesan Postulator for the cause of Tolton's canonization.
On September 29, 2014, George formally closed the investigation into the life and virtues of Tolton. The dossier of research into Tolton's life went to the Vatican, where the documents collected to support his cause will be analyzed, bound into a book called a "positio" or official position paper, and evaluated by theologians, and then, supporters hope, passed on to the pope, who can declare Tolton "venerable" if he determines Tolton led a life of heroic virtue.On December 10, 2016, Tolton's remains were exhumed and verified as part of the canonization process. Following procedures laid out in canon law, a forensic pathologist verified that the remains (which included a skull, femurs, ribs, vertebrae, pelvis, and portions of arm bones) belong to Tolton. Also found were the corpus from a crucifix, part of a Roman collar, the corpus from Tolton's rosary, and glass shards indicating his coffin had a glass top. After verification, the remains were dressed in a new chasuble and reburied.On March 8, 2018, historians who consult the Congregation for the Causes of Saints unanimously issued their assent to Tolton's cause after receiving and favorably reviewed the position presented to them. On February 5, 2019, the nine-member theological commission unanimously voted to approve the cause. It must now go to the cardinal and bishop members of the Congregation for approval before it is passed to the pope for his final confirmation.On June 12, 2019, Pope Francis authorized the promulgation of a "Decree of Heroic Virtue", advancing the cause of Servant of God Augustine Tolton.  With the promulgation of the decree of heroic virtue, Tolton was granted the title “Venerable”. If the case progresses, the next stage would be beatification, followed by canonization.
List of enslaved people
Fr. Tolton's cause for canonization by the Archdiocese of Chicago
Fr. Tolton's cause for canonization by the Diocese of Springfield (archived)
Lasnamäe Airfield (Estonian: Lasnamäe lennuväli) was an airfield in Tallinn, Estonia. It was located 5 km (3.1 mi) east of the city centre on the hill of Lasnamäe. Nowadays its former runway and taxiways are covered by apartment buildings and a street network. The newer Tallinn Airport is also located in Lasnamäe but 4.5 km (2.8 mi) south-southwest.
RussianAirFields.com
Inview Technology (Inview Technology Ltd or simply Inview) is a UK-based digital TV software company. It specialises in advanced EPGs, interactive broadcast, IP services and solutions for Pay-TV and analogue switch off markets. Their OTT TV platform allows television broadcast and internet content to be simultaneously accessible to the viewer. The company is based in Northwich, Cheshire, UK and is privately owned.
Inview have been involved in digital TV in the UK since the late 1990s, providing software for set-top boxes manufactured by Digifusion, Thomson and Sony, alongside the Teletext Extra EPG (later renamed Radio Times Extra). Nick Markham, Inview's chairman, developed the concept of Freeview alongside the BBC and previously worked for Top-up TV. By late 2016, Inview were enabling digital switchover for whole countries such as Nigeria (started in June 2016) and which will provide a Freeview / Freesat type broadcasting platform and implement a BBC style license fee system to 30 million TV households.The company was appointed in March 2015 by National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) to enable digital switchover from analogue throughout the country; it will also provide set-top box software and services including full EPG, Push Video-On-Demand, a range of broadcasting applications such as news and public service information.A Mexican TV company, Dish Mexico, has appointed Inview to provide software and services.Also in 2016, Inview was contracted to supply middleware for Cignal, the largest satellite provider in the Philippines, which enabled Cignal to directly communicate with their customers through the user interface, Inview's new EPG and other services such as advertising. This is all supplied within Zapper satellite boxes.In 2014-5 their partners include Humax and Skyworth, China's largest set-top box company, and silicon partners include Mstar and Broadcom. They have signed a deal with Pico Digital, Inc. to develop the next generation set-top box for the Latin American market, as well as Dish Mexico.
The company was started in 1996. Inview provided a chip based EPG, broadcast data service and a digital TV software platform for the free to air terrestrial market.
It was one of the first companies to launch a broadcast TV listings service, known as 4TVInteractive. However, in 2010 Inview ceased support for this service and this affected a number of Digifusion, Inverto, Thomson and Sony Set-top boxes and caused them to show only now and next information, rather than a full EPG.
These include: whole country switch-over, OTT services, Broadcast services, Advertising, EPG, Video on Demand (VOD), Push-VOD#Push video on demand, Catch-Up TV, PVR, Legacy Upgrades for older boxes.
In October 2012, Inview developed  "Liberator 3", an OTT cloud-based platform for Pay TV operators and telcos wishing to equip their customers with tailor made connected set-top boxes for broadcast and broadband internet content.
In territories where the broadband infrastructure is underdeveloped, Inview offers a broadcast service with advertising, Push-VOD, catch up TV and PVR.
Inview's solution for existing (older) deployed set-top boxes is to offer applications including an EPG and TV apps that can run in devices with limited memory and processing power. By June 2015 Inview had upgraded over 10 million legacy set-top boxes worldwide.
Inview has developed the platform for a HDMI dongle streaming device called "Lolipop" which is controlled through a smartphone using gesture control. This allows content such as VOD, live streamed channels and social networking apps to be viewed on a mobile device or on another TV without the need of a set-top box.
In February 2014, Martin Edwards (Honorary Life President of Manchester United) and Koen Van Driel (ex-CEO of Thomson and Grundig Set Top Box Divisions) were appointed Board Directors of Inview Technology.
In 2014 their partners included: Kaon, Humax, Skyworth, Broadcom, Alitech, Mstar, Novatek, Farncombe, Goosat, Hopeful, ATech, Giec, MTC and MICO.
In previous years Inview has been in partnership with companies such as Top Up TV, the On Demand Group (ODG) and Teletext.
Enhanced TV
Hybrid Broadcast Broadband TV
Hybrid digital TV
Interactive television
List of digital distribution platforms for mobile devices
Over-the-top content
Phidippus californicus is a species of jumping spider. It is found in the southwestern United States (California, Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada, Texas, Utah) and northern Mexico (Baja California peninsula, and Sonora).
Phidippus californicus occurs in the sagebrush community of the Great Basin Desert. These large jumping spiders are found on bushes such as the sagebrush (Artemisia tridentata), the rabbitbrush (Chrysothamnus nauseosus), and the Four-winged Saltbrush (Atriplex canescens). P. californicus prefers bushes that grow on slopes with thin, stony soils, and appears to avoid conifers and moist habitats (e.g., the proximity of irrigation ditches). In the same habitat, often on the same bush, two other Phidippus species are found: P. apacheanus and P. octopunctatus.
Females can reach 12 mm body length, males 7 to 11 mm. Both sexes have blue-green iridescent chelicerae, a black cephalothorax and limbs, and a bright red abdomen with a median black stripe (similar to the female P. johnsoni). Between the black and red areas on the posterior part of the dorsal abdomen there are two minute white spots. At the sides of the abdomen there are light diagonal bands, and there is also a light transverse anterior band on the dorsum. These markings vary in conspicuousness: the bands and spots may be only a somewhat lighter shade of red than the remainder of the abdomen, while the median black stripe may be so reduced in width and length that the abdomen appears solid red. Sometimes, the basic color is orange rather than red, and very old spiders may even be yellow. In this species, the adult males and the adult females are similar in coloration, and this is also true of P. apacheanus. It is more usual for the males of Phidippus to have iridescent chelicerae and a distinctive adult coloration while the females of this genus remain similar to the immature spiders (e.g., P. clarus, P. octopunctatus, P. whitmani).
It is one of the species of jumping spiders which are mimics of mutillid wasps in the genus Dasymutilla (commonly known as "velvet ants"); several species of these wasps are similar in size and coloration, and possess a very painful sting.[1]
From the second instar on, the spiderlings have a brownish-gray cephaIothorax and limbs, and a red abdomen with markings limited to the posterior portion. These consist of a pair of black stripes, each bearing two conspicuous white dots, separated by a light region. The light region may be gray, white, or even golden; immediately anterior to the black stripes it is enlarged into a conspicuous light dot. While the abdomen of very young spiderlings appears bronze, the red color of the abdomen is striking in later instars. In one of the later instars, the 5th or perhaps the 6th, a red cap appears in the eye region, but this marking disappears in the following molt. The light basal band and side bands of the adult are also present in immature spiders, and, in the two instars proceeding maturity, the chelicerae are also iridescent.
Phidippus californicus is active from mid-morning until dusk, and can be seen in bushes running along branches or poised near their tips. Running is interrupted frequently: the spider stops, turns to one side and then the other, apparently scanning its surroundings.
It builds a retreat, consisting of a slightly flattened tube of silk, surrounded by guy-lines that attach it to the twigs or leaves of the bush. Molting and breeding nests are similar, but use much more silk. These are found under stones at the base of the bush.
When a male and an unmated female meet, it takes about 30–60 seconds of courtship until mating occurs. Males have been observed to initially court females laden with eggs, females from different Phidippus species, or even simples models out of clay with a pair of wires as appendages. Previously mated females may retreat, or attack the male as prey.
Male courtship display is similar to that of P. apacheanus, P. clarus, or P. octopunctatus. The male begins his display by holding the carapace very high, shifting the abdomen to one side, and raising the first pair of legs. In this position, he moves before the female, stopping after each few steps. The male advances in a zig-zag pathway, shifting his abdomen to the other side at the end of each oblique approach. Throughout, the dancing male flicks his forelegs up and down, holding them wide apart at first and bringing them closer and closer together as he nears the female. Then, with forelegs held almost parallel before him, he touches the female cautiously once or twice. If the female remains still at this stage, the male climbs over her, and uses the forelegs to help turn her abdomen to the side. When the genital pore, which lies on the ventral abdomen, is thus exposed, the male inserts his palpus. After 2-3 min., the male withdraws this pedipalp, turns the female's abdomen in the other direction, and inserts the other pedipalp.Raising the forelegs and holding the abdomen to one side are by no means specific to courtship. This display occurs to a wide variety of objects that are approaching too close to the spider: other spiders - regardless of sex, houseflies or other large prey, models of prey that are about the size of the spider, such as 9–12 mm spheres, or even the end of a finger or a pencil. In these situations, however, the spider with its forelegs raised and waving backs off while facing the moving object and, when 5–8 cm away, turns away and flees.In intraspecific encounters, the effect of raising the forelegs is to bring the other spider to an abrupt halt, whether it be a wandering conspecific, a courting male preparing to touch the female, or a female stalking or about to jump at the male. Indeed, raising of the forelegs appears to have this 'stop-sign' effect even in encounters between congenerics of the three Phidippus species. Drees, working with female Salticus scenicus, was able to initiate hunting behavior by moving a black dot along a white wall, and to stop the pursuing spider by moving wires projecting from the side of the model through an angle that imitated the waving of the forelegs.Female P. californicus and P. apacheanus are unusual in that they perform an acceptance dance just before the male touches them. With forelegs high and wide apart and abdomen bent to the side, the female sways before the male, sometimes with a few steps to one side and then the other. In other Phidippus species, the female rejects the male by extending the first pair of legs whenever he approaches too closely, and merely fails to ward him off when she is ready to accept him.
The spider seldom initiates hunting behavior to still prey, and interrupts ongoing hunting behavior when the prey ceases to move. When pursuing a prey, it at first moves rapidly, slowing down as it comes near the prey. Within 5 centimetres (2.0 in) of the prey, it presses its body close to the ground and draws the legs in toward the body. At about 1.5 centimetres (0.59 in), it becomes still in this crouched position, attaches a safety thread to the ground, and jumps at the prey. When attacking large prey, it may take a curved course in order to jump on it from behind.Immature males require about half an hour to digest a fruit fly (Drosophila melanogaster), while individuals 1 centimetre (0.39 in) long need less than 9 minutes. To consume a house fly (Musca domestica), even large adult females need almost one hour. The hungrier a spider, the longer will it take to digest the prey. If hungry, they will readily capture more than one prey at a time, if it comes very near. Satiated spiders will respond to prey by extending the forelegs towards it.
Adult males are found from early April to July, females from early May to July. The female lays two to three successive batches of eggs, with each batch containing fewer eggs. About 40 hatch from the first, 30 from the second, and few, if at all, from the third. The spiderlings hatch after about three weeks. They remain inside the nest until after a first molt, a little more than two weeks later, at which time they are self-sufficient.
Drees, O. (1952): Untersuchungen über die angeborenen Verhaltensweisen bei Springspinnen (Salticidae). Z. Tierpsychol. 9: 167-207.
Gardner, B.T. (1965): Observations on Three Species of Phidippus Jumping Spiders (Araneae: Salticidae). Psyche 72:133-147. PDF (P. californicus = P. coccineus, P. apacheanus, P. octopunctatus = P. opifex)
Diagnostic drawings of P. californicus
Playlist: The Very Best of Clay Aiken is a compilation of remastered original recordings  by pop singer Clay Aiken. It is part of a series of similar series of Playlist albums issued by Legacy Recordings.
The track listing includes fan favorites, the No. 1 single “This Is The Night,” the Top 5 “Solitaire” and others handpicked by Aiken from his albums. The album was released on March 31, 2009. A PDF file included on the CD contains the song credits, photographs, and liner notes.
First week sales of 3,000 copies placed Playlist: The Very Best of Clay Aiken at number 173 on the Billboard 200 chart and at number ten on the Top Internet Albums chart.
"Ashes"[1] (from On My Way Here album)
"A Thousand Days"[2] (from A Thousand Different Ways album)
"The Way"[3] (from Measure of a Man album)
"Bridge Over Troubled Water"[4] (from "Bridge Over Troubled Water/This Is the Night" single)
"On My Way Here"[5] (from On My Way Here album)
"This Is the Night"[6] (from "Bridge Over Troubled Water/This Is the Night" single)
"Solitaire"[7] (from "The Way/Solitaire" single)
"Here You Come Again"[8] (from A Thousand Different Ways album)
"Measure of a Man"[9] (from Measure of a Man album)
"The Real Me"[10] (from On My Way Here album)
"Something About Us"[11] (from On My Way Here album)
"Invisible"[12]  (from Measure of a Man album)
"On the Wings of Love"[13](from American Idol Season 2: All-Time Classic American Love Songs compilation)
"Mary, Did You Know"[14] (from Merry Christmas with Love album)
^ "Ashes" Written by: Nichole Nordeman, Mark Hammond / Produced by: Kipper – 3:44
^  "A Thousand Days" Written by: Christian Leuzzi, Aldo Nova & Emanuel Olsson / Produced by: John Fields – 4:30
^ "The Way" Written by: Steve Morales, Enrique Iglesias, Kara DioGuardi, David Siegel / Produced by: Steve Morales – 4:07
^ ""Bridge Over Troubled Water" Written by: Paul Simon / Produced by: Nigel Wright – 4:01
^ "On My Way Here" Written by: Ryan Tedder, Hunter Davis, Chris Faulk / Produced by: Kipper – 4:29
^ "This Is the Night" Written by: Aldo Nova, Gary Burr, Chris Braide / Produced by: Steve Mac – 3:33
^ "Solitaire" Written by:  Neil Sedaka & Phil Cody / Produced by: Cliff Magness & Steve Mac – 5:26
^  "Here You Come Again" Written by: Barry Mann & Cynthia Weil / Produced by: Adam Anders – 3:34
^ "Measure of a Man" Written by: Steve Morales, Cathy Dennis, David Siege / Produced by: Steve Morales – 3:58
^ "The Real Me" Written by: Natalie Grant / Produced by: Kipper – 4:38
^ "Something About Us" Written by: Michael O'Brien, Scotty Wilbanks, Regie Hamm / Produced by: Kipper  – 3:40
^ "Invisible" Written by: Desmond Child, Andreas Carlsson, Chris Braide / Produced by: Desmond Child – 4:04
^ "On the Wings of Love" Written by: Jeffrey Osborne, P. Schless / Produced by: James McMillan – 3:44
^ "Mary Did You Know" Written by: Lee Rufus GreenebIII, Mark Alan Lowry / Produced by: Walter Afanasieff – 3:20
"The Way"/"Solitaire" was released as a commercial single on March 16, 2004.  "The Way" peaked at number one on the Canadian Singles Chart. In the summer of 2004, a second version of the Measure of a Man album was released in which "Solitaire" replaced "This is the Night" as a bonus cut. "The Way" music video was directed by Diane Martel.  Instead of the traditional Hollywood types Aiken hired everyday people to play the couples shown in this video.
"The Real Me" was originally recorded by Natalie Grant for her album Awaken (2005). Aiken stated in an interview that Grant rewrote some of the lyrics for him.
"Something About Us" was written and recorded by Michael O'Brien for his album Something About Us (2007).
"Invisible" was the first single from the album Measure of a Man.  It peaked at number eight on the Billboard Adult Contemporary and at number 37 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts on January 6, 2004. The music video for "Invisible", directed by Diane Martel, was shot in Hollywood at Hollywood & Highland, a major outdoor shopping center and tourist attraction.  Aiken invited 800 fans to be part of the crowd scene in the video.
"On the Wings of Love" was included as a second bonus track on the Measure of a Man album released in Japan.
Legacy Recordings – Clay Aiken
The chocolate gourami (Sphaerichthys osphromenoides) is a species of gourami native to the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, and Borneo. Chocolate gouramis reach a length of 6 cm (2.4 in). These fish have a chocolate colour with golden bands running down their bodies.
Sphaerichthys selatanensis has sometimes been treated as a subspecies of S. osphromenoides.
They are restricted to peat habitats. Unlike many other labyrinth fish, which breed by incubating their eggs in a bubble nest, this species is a mouthbrooder. Even more unusually, this species is a maternal mouthbrooder, with the female incubating the eggs in her mouth; all other anabantoid mouthbrooders (with the exception of its close relative Sphaerichthys selatanensis) are paternal mouthbrooders, with the male carrying the eggs and young larvae. They are omnivorous, but feed primarily on insects.
They are popular aquarium fish, but are challenging to keep. Without optimum water conditions, they are susceptible to bacterial infections and skin parasites. Chocolate gouramis are best kept on their own in well-planted aquaria with gentle filtration. They require soft, acidic water; most of all, they prefer a higher temperature than most fish. Tank temperature should be maintained at 25–27 °C (77–81 °F). They are generally fussy eaters, preferring to eat live foods or freeze-dried, frozen equivalents over flake food.
"Sphaerichthys osphromenoides". Integrated Taxonomic Information System. Retrieved 18 April 2006.
Acacia saxicola, commonly known as Mount Maroon wattle, is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae native to eastern Australia.
The shrub typically grows to a height of 1.5 metres (4.9 ft) and has a diffuse and multi-branched habit. The sparsely haired or glabrous branchlets have 1.5 to 3 mm (0.059 to 0.118 in) long stipules along there length. The branchlets have a rounded cross section. Like most species of Acacia the shrub has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The crowded but scattered evergreen phyllodes are patent to inclined with a lanceolate to narrowly triangular shape that is straight to shallowly recurved. The glossy dark green phyllodes have a length of 7.5 to 14 mm (0.30 to 0.55 in) and a width of 7.5 to 14 mm (0.30 to 0.55 in) and are pungent and rigid with a prominent midrib. The tip of the phyllode slowly thins down to a 1.5 mm (0.059 in) long reddish coloured spine. When it blooms it produces inflorescences that occur singly along rudimentary racemes. The spherical flower-heads have a diameter of around 13 mm (0.51 in) and contain 40 to 50 densely packed pale golden yellow flowers. Following flowering firmly chartaceous to crustaceous seed pods form that have a length of up to 3 cm (1.2 in) and a width of around 5 mm (0.20 in). The dark brown pods are irregularly undulate, dark brown and contain longitudinally arranged seeds. The seeds have a depressed-globular shape and a length of around 4 mm (0.16 in).
The species was first described by the botanist Leslie Pedley in 1969 as part of the work Notes on Acacia, chiefly from Queensland as published in Contributions from the Queensland Herbarium. It was reclassified as Racosperma saxicola in 1987 by Pedley then transferred back to genus Acacia in 2001.
The shrub resembles both Acacia ulicifolia and Acacia brachycarpa but has wider phyllodes and shorter flower stalks.
It is endemic only in a small area around Mount Maroon in the Mount Barney National Park in south eastern Queensland to the south of Boonah where it is found at altitudes of around 900 m (3,000 ft) on rocky slopes and in crevices growing in thin sandy-loam soils as a part of heathland communities.  It is mostly found in pockets of soil found in the crevices of the rocks.
List of Acacia species
The 2008 Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship was the 99th staging of the Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1909. The draw for the opening fixtures took place on 16 December 2007. The championship began on 2 May 2008 and ended on 12 October 2008.
On 12 October 2008, Carrigaline won the championship after a 1–13 to 0–10 defeat of Bandon in the final at Páirc Uí Chaoimh. This was their first ever championship title in this grade.
Bandon's Darren Crowley was the championship's top scorer with 0-36.
Promoted from the Cork Junior A Hurling Championship
BarryroeRelegated from the Cork Premier Intermediate Hurling Championship
Delanys
Promoted to the Cork Premier Intermediate Hurling Championship
Fr. O'Neill'sRelegated to the City Junior A Hurling Championship
Glen Rovers
OverallIn a single game
Andrew A. Wiederhorn (born February 10, 1966) is an American businessman from Portland, Oregon. He founded Wilshire Credit Corporation and served as its CEO, by the age of 32 amassing a fortune estimated to be worth $140 million. Currently he is CEO and majority shareholder in Fog Cutter Capital, which had been listed for a time on NASDAQ (ticker symbol FCCG), but was delisted for failing to file its financial reports in a timely fashion.
Wiederhorn was born and raised in Portland, Oregon. He was raised in a single-parent home by his mother after his father died when he was nine years old. As a teenager, he obtained a permit allowing him to rent jet skis along the Willamette River to earn an income. He graduated from Lincoln High School before attending the University of Southern California, where he earned a Bachelor's degree in business.
Wiederhorn founded Fog Cutter Capital after the collapse of Wilshire Credit following questionable investments involving union retirement funds. However, US law enforcement continued a criminal investigation into Wiederhorn's activities while at Wilshire Credit, which was ended when Wiederhorn pleaded guilty to filing a false tax return and paying Jeffrey Grayson, the head of Capital Consultants, an "illegal gratuity" in return for a prison sentence and payment of $4.6 million in fines. Wiederhorn served 16 months in federal prison between 2005 and 2006. In April 2013, while conducting a CBS Undercover Boss press interview, Wiederhorn attributed his jail sentence to bad legal advice he had received on a business deal, which led to the violation of the pension fund law, ERISA.The controversy around Wiederhorn continued when the board of directors of Fog Cutter voted to give Wiederhorn a bonus equal to the fine he paid the US government, and paid his salary during his incarceration—despite Federal rules that a convict can not engage in business dealings while imprisoned. The immediate result was that NASDAQ delisted Fog Cutter; since October 14, 2004 the corporation's shares have been traded on the pink sheets.  In addition Ernst & Young, the company's independent auditors, quit on July 16, 2004; the company has since hired a local auditing firm to audit its books.
The long-term result was that Wiederhorn had his membership in the influential Multnomah Athletic Club suspended in October 2004. The Wall Street Journal described the Club as "the premier social center for executives, politicians and socialities in this city of more than half a million." After finishing his sentence, Wiederhorn initiated a legal fight against the Club, claiming that it has treated him unfairly and that other Multnomah Athletic Club members who have committed crimes were not disciplined as harshly as him. One example he cited was his former business associate Lawrence Mendelsohn, who pleaded guilty in the same case involving Capital Consultants, but served no jail time.Wiederhorn lost the lawsuit, and found himself "something of a pariah" as a 2011 newspaper article described his situation. Fog Cutter owned a major position in Fatburger, a restaurant chain based in southern California, and because he needed to devote more attention to the restaurant chain, moved to Beverly Hills in 2009, saying that will make his commute to Fatburger's Santa Monica headquarters considerably easier and cheaper. His home in Portland, a 25,000-square-foot (2,300 m2) mansion he and his wife dubbed "The Ivy", was put up for sale July 2011 for $5.7 million. Wiederhorn had acquired the mansion and its properties in a trade from Casey Powell, former CEO of Sequent Computer Systems in 1995, then spent $8.7 million constructing a new wing to the house and other improvements.
Fatburger has struggled through the 2008-10 recession, with subsidiaries in California and Nevada entering Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2009. In 2011 Wiederhorn announced that the 101-outlet chain has successfully restructured, and he expected to open 30 more restaurants that year, and for sales to exceed $90 million. According to the California Corporation Commission, Fatburger has been given the green light to continue selling its franchise.The television show Undercover Boss featured Wiederhorn and Fatburger as the subjects of its April 5, 2013, episode.
Fog Cutter Capital Website
Mashall School of Business Alumni profile on Andrew Wiederhorn
Belluton is a village in Somerset, England. It is in the district of Bath and North East Somerset and is located due south of the city of Bristol and due west of the city of Bath. The eastern end of the village is defined by the A37 road.
In some documents it is alternatively called "Belton", which signifies, according to some antiquaries, "Baal town," or "the Town of the Sun". According to Robinson it was called Belgetona in the 1086 Domesday Book, and the name comes from the Old English belgae and tun, the Belgae being a violent race who settled in what is now Wiltshire.It is close to the route of the ancient Wansdyke.
Belluton is part of the civil parish of Publow, which has a parish council with some responsibility for local issues.  Belluton is part of the Publow and Whitchurch Ward which is represented by one councillor on the Bath and North East Somerset Unitary Authority which has wider responsibilities for services such as education, refuse, tourism etc.
The village is a part of the North East Somerset constituency. Prior to Brexit in 2020, it was part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament.
According to the 2001 Census, the Publow and Whitchurch Ward (which includes Pensford and Publow), had 1,087 residents, living in 429 households, with an average age of 40.8 years. Of these 73% of residents describing their health as 'good', 24% of 16- to 74-year-olds had no qualifications; and the area had an unemployment rate of 2.3% of all economically active people aged 16–74. In the Index of Multiple Deprivation 2004, it was ranked at 26,408 out of 32,482 wards in England, where 1 was the most deprived LSOA and 32,482 the least deprived.
John Locke lived in Belluton during his childhood. His father was a small landowner and attorney at the local village of Pensford. John Locke's Cottage is now a Grade II listed building.
Other Grade II listed buildings include Belluton House, from the early 19th century, and The Grange from the 18th century.
Durham, I. & M. (1991). Chew Magna and the Chew Valley in old photographs. Redcliffe Press. ISBN 1-872971-61-X.
Janes, Rowland (ed) (1987). The Natural History of the Chew Valley. ISBN 0-9545125-2-9.CS1 maint: extra text: authors list (link)
 Media related to Belluton at Wikimedia Commons
Publow with Pensford Parish Council website
Map of Belluton circa 1900
Cnaphalocrocis is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae. The genus was described by Julius Lederer in 1863.
Cnaphalocrocis araealis (Hampson, 1912)
Cnaphalocrocis bilinealis (Hampson, 1891)
Cnaphalocrocis brunneofusalis (Hampson, 1917)
Cnaphalocrocis binalis (Zeller, 1852)
Cnaphalocrocis carstensziana (Rothschild, 1916)
Cnaphalocrocis cochrusalis (Walker, 1859)
Cnaphalocrocis conformis (Meyrick, 1934)
Cnaphalocrocis daisensis (Shibuya, 1929)
Cnaphalocrocis didialis (Viette, 1958)
Cnaphalocrocis euryterminalis (Hampson, 1917)
Cnaphalocrocis exigua (Butler, 1879)
Cnaphalocrocis fusifascialis (Hampson, 1896)
Cnaphalocrocis grisealis (Ghesquière, 1942)
Cnaphalocrocis grucheti (Viette, 1976)
Cnaphalocrocis hemicrossa (Meyrick, 1887)
Cnaphalocrocis hexagona (Lower, 1903)
Cnaphalocrocis iolealis (Walker, 1859)
Cnaphalocrocis laticostalis (Hampson, 1912)
Cnaphalocrocis latimarginalis (Hampson, 1891)
Cnaphalocrocis liliicola (Ghesquière, 1942)
Cnaphalocrocis limbalis (Wileman, 1911)
Cnaphalocrocis loxodesma (Turner, 1915)
Cnaphalocrocis medinalis (Guenée, 1854)
Cnaphalocrocis nawae (Matsumura, 1920)
Cnaphalocrocis patnalis Bradley, 1981
Cnaphalocrocis pauperalis (Strand, 1918)
Cnaphalocrocis pilosa Warren, 1896
Cnaphalocrocis poeyalis (Boisduval, 1833)
Cnaphalocrocis rutilalis (Walker, 1859)
Cnaphalocrocis sanitalis Snellen, 1880
Cnaphalocrocis similis Hedemann, 1894
Cnaphalocrocis sordidalis Rothschild, 1915
Cnaphalocrocis stereogona (Meyrick, 1886)
Cnaphalocrocis subvenilialis (Snellen, 1895)
Cnaphalocrocis trapezalis (Guenée, 1854)
Cnaphalocrocis trebiusalis (Walker, 1859)
Cnaphalocrocis perpersalis Möschler, 1890
Cnaphalocrocis ruptalis (Walker, 1866)
Lisa-Michelle Scaffidi (née Sanders; born 12 February 1960) is a former Lord Mayor of Perth, Western Australia. The first female Lord Mayor of Perth, Scaffidi became mayor following the October 2007 council elections, after the retirement of her predecessor, Peter Nattrass, who served a record twelve years in the position. Scaffidi and the rest of the City of Perth council were suspended on 2 March 2018, while the state government investigated the council's operations.
Scaffidi was educated at Churchlands Primary School and Methodist Ladies' College after which she graduated as a dental therapist from the Western Australian Institute of Technology (now Curtin University).  She served as an air hostess with TAA in 1980, worked in the hospitality industry in a marketing capacity and, in the 1990s, helped to promote export of semi-precious stones. She was the WA State Director of the Committee for Economic Development of Australia (CEDA) for over ten years.She served two terms as a councillor before successfully contesting the lord-mayoralty.
In October 2015, the Corruption and Crime Commission of Western Australia found that Scaffidi had "signally failed in her duties" as lord mayor by accepting and failing to declare a $31,000 travel package to the 2008 Beijing Olympics from BHP, and other gifts from private companies that have dealings with the City of Perth. The commission found that Scaffidi had committed acts of "serious misconduct" but believed she had not acted corruptly.In 2016, Scaffidi insulted journalist Liam Bartlett on social media and was criticised by journalists for refusing to answer his questions about the undeclared travel and gifts while the matter was before the State Administrative Tribunal.
In May 2017 Western Australia's State Administrative Tribunal ruled that Scaffidi had committed 45 "serious breaches" of local government laws by failing to disclose gifts and overseas travel. The tribunal had the power to disqualify her from office for up to five years. In the previous month Western Australian Premier Mark McGowan called on Scaffidi to step aside and stated that he would look at the means to sack the lord mayor if she did not resign. He also called on the City of Perth councillors to move a motion of no confidence in the lord mayor. On 8 September, Scaffidi agreed to step aside pending a court appeal into the ruling.In early December 2017, the Court of Appeal set aside the Tribunal's orders, and Scaffidi announced that she would return to her statutory duties on 8 January 2018.On 2 March 2018, the Minister for Local Government, David Templeman, indefinitely suspended the entire City of Perth council, including Scaffidi, while a government panel investigates its operation and conduct. The move came after years of infighting between factions on council. The panel will make a recommendation as to whether the council should be permanently sacked. A government-appointed commission will oversee the city's operations while the investigation is underway. In October 2019, Scaffidi's term as Lord Mayor expired and the office was declared vacant until new elections were scheduled in October 2020.
West Weekend Magazine (West Australian newspaper), 27 October 2007. pp. 8–10
Benda, Danielle (16 June 2007). "City Slicker". The Sunday Times. Perth, WA. Retrieved 7 April 2017.
Paxton is a planned light rail station on the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system. The station is part of the East San Fernando Light Rail Project. It is located on San Fernando Road between the base of the northbound California State Route 118 interchange and the intersection with Paxton Street in Pacoima. Metrolink Antelope Valley Line trains pass but will not stop here. It is planned to open as part of the second phase of the project.
The Modelo Group is a geologic group in Mexico. It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period.
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Mexico
Various Contributors to the Paleobiology Database. "Fossilworks: Gateway to the Paleobiology Database". Archived from the original on 31 July 2014. Retrieved 8 July 2014.
Edmund Molyneux Royds (1830–1918) was a politician in Queensland, Australia. He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
On 8 February 1864, Charles Royds, the Member for the electoral district of Leichhardt resigned and his brother Edmund Royds won the resulting by-election on 14 April 1864. On 11 May 1868, Edmund Royds resigned the seat, and his brother Charles won the resulting by-election in Leichhardt on 29 June 1868.On 30 January 1872, Charles Royds resigned, and Edmund won the resulting by-election in Leichhardt on 20 February 1872. He held the seat until he resigned on 8 December 1875. Charles Haly won the resulting by-election on 12 January 1876.
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 1863–1867; 1867–1868; 1871–1873; 1873–1878
Trippstadt House (German: Trippstadter Schloss) is an 18th-century, baroque schloss or manor house in the eponymous village in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
The building is made of red sandstone and comprises a single wing and is 48 metres long by 19 metres wide and 18 metres high. It has one basement and two storeys. Above the entrance is a relief of the coat of arms of the Hacke and Sturmfeder alliance.
The gable above the front entrance shows a relief, the date 1766 and the names or the arms of alliance of its first owners, Franz Karl Joseph von Hacke (son of Ludwig Anton von Hacke) and Amöna Marie Charlotte Juliane Sturmfeder von Oppenweiler, who was a daughter of local Dirmstein nobleman, Marsilius Franz Sturmfeder von Oppenweiler.
In 1767, an underground water supply was built at the Quellbachhübel, northeast of the residential buildings. It consisted of a spring chamber, in which the water from various springs collected, and three accessible galleries into which the water was directed downwards at a slight gradient to the castle well or to two other wells in the residential area. The latter two, the "Upper Well" and the "Deer Well", were destroyed after 1965, the tunnel to the castle well, which has been preserved over a length of 300 m, is now called the "Well Tunnel" and is one of the cultural monuments of the municipality.
The house was built in 1767 by the architect, Sigmund Jacob Haeckher, and called Maison de la Campagne ("Country House"). Its owner was Franz Karl Freiherr von Hacke and his wife, Amönia Freiin von Sturmfeder. He was the master hunter (Obristjägermeister) of Electoral Palatine, responsible for hunting in the 55 km2 Barony of Wilenstein. The first lightning conductor in the Palatinate was installed at the house on 17 April 1776 by physicist, Johann Jakob Hemmer, from Mannheim. Its French garden was planned and executed around 1780 by landscape architect, Friedrich Ludwig von Sckell, who was also responsible for its natural extension, the attractive valley of Karlstal through which the Moosalb stream flows.
French Revolutionary troops partly destroyed the house on 13 July 1794, leaving only the cellars inhabitable. The house went into Alsatian possession in 1803. The entire manorial estate of Trippstadt, including the house, was sold in 1833 by Reichsrat, Ludwig von Gienanth.In 1865, the Freiherr von Gienanth sold the house to the Kingdom of Bavaria. They established a state forestry office there in 1885 and, in 1888, rebuilt the ruined part of the house. A forestry school was opened in the house. In 1915, during the First World War, the school had to be closed. Not until 1946, after the Second World War, was it re-opened as a school of forestry for the Palatinate.The house was home to the Rhineland-Palatinate State School of Forestry from 1960 to 1980. In 1985, the municipality of Trippstadt took over the management of the gardens and turned them into a recreation area. In 1987, the house became the home of the Forest Research Institute of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Günter Stein: Burgen und Schlösser in der Pfalz. Frankfurt/Main 1976
Trippstadt House
The Flora and Fauna in Trippstadt House Park
Pterolophia szetschuanensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1973.
Crossotus strigifrons is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Fairmaire in 1886.
Karinou Airlines is an airline based in Bangui, Central African Republic. It operates scheduled passenger services to a range of destinations across Africa.
Karinou Airlines commenced charter operations under African Airlines. The business model was not working for the airline.  Subsequently, less than one year later they rebranded as Karinou Airlines, changing their business model from charter to scheduled operations.Shortly after the rebranding, in early 2013, Karinou Airlines began operating scheduled passenger flights to ten destinations across the African continent reportedly using a capital base of US$100 million.In March 2013, after rebel fighters moved into Bangui, President Francois Bozizé was shown to have fled to the Democratic Republic of Congo on board a Karinou Airlines aircraft.
Karinou Airlines serves the following destinations (as of August 2013):
The Karinou Airlines fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of August 2019):
Karinou Airlines on Facebook
RDFLib is a Python library for working with RDF, a simple yet powerful language for representing information. This library contains parsers/serializers for almost all of the known RDF serializations, such as RDF/XML, Turtle, N-Triples, & JSON-LD, many of which are now supported in their updated form (e.g. Turtle 1.1). The library also contains both in-memory and persistent Graph back-ends for storing RDF information and numerous convenience functions for declaring graph namespaces, lodging SPARQL queries and so on. It is in continuous development with the most recent stable release, rdflib 5.0.0 having been released on 18 April 2020. It was originally created by Daniel Krech with the first release in November, 2002.
A number of other Python projects use rdflib for RDF manipulation, including:
OWL-RL - A simple implementation of the OWL2 RL Profile (reasoning engine)
pySHACL - a Python SHACL validator
pyLDAPI - an add-on module for the Python Flask web framework used to deliver Linked Data
pyLODE - a Web Ontology Language documentation tool
RDFLib's use of various Python idioms mean it is fairly simple for programmers with only junior Python skills to manipulate RDF. On the other hand, the Python idioms are simple enough that someone familiar with RDF, but not Python, can probably work out how to use rdflib quite easily.
The core class in RDFLib is Graph which is a Python dictionary used to store collections of RDF triples in memory. It redefines certain built-in Python object methods in order to exhibit simple graph behaviour, such as simple graph merging via addition (i.e. g3 = g1 + g2).
RDFLib graphs emulate container types and are best thought of as a set of 3-item triples:
   set([
       (subject,predicate,object),
       (subject1,predicate1,object1),
       ...
       (subjectN,predicateN,objectN)
      ])
RDFLib graphs are not sorted containers; they have ordinary Python set operations, e.g. add() methods that search triples and return them in arbitrary order.
The following RDFLib classes (listed below) model RDF terms in a graph and inherit from a common Identifier class, which extends Python unicode. Instances of these are nodes in an RDF graph.
URIRef
BNode
Literal
Variable
RDFLib provides mechanisms for managing namespaces. In particular, there is a Namespace class which takes (as its only argument) the Base URI of the namespace. Fully qualified URIs in the namespace can be constructed by attribute / dictionary access on Namespace instances:
RDFLib graphs also override __iter__ in order to support iteration over the contained triples:
__iadd__ and __isub__ are overridden to support adding and subtracting Graphs to/from each other (in place):
G1 += G1
G2 -= G2
RDFLib graphs support basic triple pattern matching with a triples((subject,predicate,object)) function. This function is a generator of triples that match the pattern given by the arguments. The arguments of these are RDF terms that restrict the triples that are returned. Terms that are None are treated as a wildcard.
Triples can be added in two ways:
They may be added with the parse(source, publicID=None, format="xml") function. The first argument can be a source of many kinds, but the most common is the serialization (in various formats: RDF/XML, Notation 3, N-Triples of an RDF graph as a string). The format parameter is one of turtle, n3, xml, n-triples or JSON-LD (this last when the JSON-LD plugin is used). publicID is the name of the graph into which the RDF serialization will be parsed.
Triples can also be added with the add function: add((subject, predicate, object)).
Similarly, triples can be removed by a call to remove: remove((subject, predicate, object))
RDFLib 'Literal's essentially behave like Unicode characters with an XML Schema datatype or language attribute. The class provides a mechanism to both convert Python literals (and their built-ins such as time/date/datetime) into equivalent RDF Literals and (conversely) convert Literals to their Python equivalent. There is some support of considering datatypes in comparing Literal instances, implemented as an override to __eq__. This mapping to and from Python literals is achieved with the following dictionaries:
Maps Python instances to WXS datatyped Literals
Maps WXS datatyped Literals to Python. This mapping is used by the toPython() method defined on all Literal instances.
RDFLIb supports a majority of the current SPARQL 1.1 specification and includes a harness for the publicly available RDF DAWG test suite.  Support for SPARQL is provided by two methods:
rdflib.graph.query() - used to pose SPARQL SELECT or ASK queries to a graph (or Store of Graphs)
rdflib.graph.update() - used to change graph content or return RDF using INSERT, DELETE and CONSTRUCT SPARQL statements
A Universal RDF Store Interface
This document attempts to summarize some fundamental components of an RDF store. The motivation is to outline a standard set of interfaces for providing the necessary support needed in order to persist an RDF Graph in a way that is universal and not tied to any specific implementation. For the most part, the core RDF model is adhered to as well as terminology that is consistent with the RDF Model specifications. However, this suggested interface also extends an RDF store with additional requirements necessary to facilitate the aspects of Notation 3 that go beyond the RDF model to provide a framework for First Order Predicate Logic processing and persistence.
Context
A named, unordered set of statements. Also could be called a sub-graph. The named graphs literature and ontology are relevant to this concept. A context could be thought of as only the relationship between an RDF triple and a sub-graph (this is how the term context is used in the Notation 3 Design Issues page) in which it is found or the sub-graph itself.It's worth noting that the concept of logically grouping triples within an addressable 'set' or 'subgraph' is just barely beyond the scope of the RDF model. The RDF model defines a graph as an arbitrary collection of triples and the semantics of these triples, but doesn't give guidance on how to consistently address such arbitrary collections. Though a collection of triples can be thought of as a resource itself, the association between a triple and the collection it is a part of is not covered.Conjunctive Graph
This refers to the 'top-level' Graph. It is the aggregation of all the contexts within it and is also the appropriate, absolute boundary for closed world assumptions / models. This distinction is the low-hanging fruit of RDF along the path to the semantic web and most of its value is in (corporate/enterprise) real-world problems:There are at least two situations where the closed world assumption is used. The first is where it is assumed that a knowledge base contains all relevant facts. This is common in corporate databases. That is, the information it contains is assumed to be completeFrom a store perspective, closed world assumptions also provide the benefit of better query response times due to the explicit closed world boundaries. Closed world boundaries can be made transparent by federated queries that assume each ConjunctiveGraph is a section of a larger, unbounded universe. So a closed world assumption does not preclude you from an open-world assumption.For the sake of persistence, Conjunctive Graphs must be distinguished by identifiers (that may not necessarily be RDF identifiers or may be an RDF identifier normalized - SHA1/MD5 perhaps - for database naming purposes ) which could be referenced to indicate conjunctive queries (queries made across the entire conjunctive graph) or appear as nodes in asserted statements. In this latter case, such statements could be interpreted as being made about the entire 'known' universe. For example:
Quoted Statement
A statement that isn't asserted but is referred to in some manner. Most often, this happens when we want to make a statement about another statement (or set of statements) without necessarily saying these quoted statements (are true). For example:Chimezie said "higher-order statements are complicated"
Which can be written as (in N3):
Formula
A context whose statements are quoted or hypothetical.Context quoting can be thought of as very similar to reification. The main difference is that quoted statements are not asserted or considered as statements of truth about the universe and can be referenced as a group: a hypothetical RDF GraphUniversal Quantifiers / Variables. (relevant references):
OWL Definition of SWRL. (browse)
SWRL/RuleML VariableTerms
Terms are the kinds of objects that can appear in a quoted/asserted triple. This includes those that are core to RDF:
Blank Nodes
URI References
Literals (which consist of a literal value, datatype and language tag)Those that extend the RDF model into N3:
Formulae
Universal Quantifications (Variables)And those that are primarily for matching against 'Nodes' in the underlying Graph:
REGEX Expressions
Date Ranges
Numerical RangesNodes
Nodes are a subset of the Terms that the underlying store actually persists. The set of such Terms depends on whether or not the store is formula-aware. Stores that aren't formula-aware would only persist those terms core to the RDF Model, and those that are formula-aware would be able to persist the N3 extensions as well. However, utility terms that only serve the purpose for matching nodes by term-patterns probably will only be terms and not nodes."The set of nodes of an RDF graph is the set of subjects and objects of triples in the graph.Context-aware
An RDF store capable of storing statements within contexts is considered context-aware. Essentially, such a store is able to partition the RDF model it represents into individual, named, and addressable sub-graphs.Formula-aware
An RDF store capable of distinguishing between statements that are asserted and statements that are quoted is considered formula-aware.Such a store is responsible for maintaining this separation and ensuring that queries against the entire model (the aggregation of all the contexts - specified by not limiting a 'query' to a specifically name context) do not include quoted statements. Also, it is responsible for distinguishing universal quantifiers (variables).These 2 additional concepts (formulae and variables) must be thought of as core extensions and distinguishable from the other terms of a triple (for the sake of the persistence roundtrip - at the very least). It's worth noting that the 'scope' of universal quantifiers (variables) and existential quantifiers (BNodes) is the formula (or context - to be specific) in which their statements reside. Beyond this, a Formula-aware store behaves the same as a Context-aware store.Conjunctive Query
Any query that doesn't limit the store to search within a named context only. Such a query expects a context-aware store to search the entire asserted universe (the conjunctive graph). A formula-aware store is expected not to include quoted statements when matching such a query.N3 Round Trip
This refers to the requirements on a formula-aware RDF store's persistence mechanism necessary for it to be properly populated by a N3 parser and rendered as syntax by a N3 serializer.Transactional Store
An RDF store capable of providing transactional integrity to the RDF operations performed on it.
The following Notation 3 document:
Could cause the following statements to be asserted in the store:
This statement would be asserted in the partition associated with quoted statements (in a formula named _:a)
Finally, these statements would be asserted in the same partition (in a formula named _:b)
Formulae and Variables as Terms
Formulae and variables are distinguishable from URI references, Literals, and BNodes by the following syntax:
They must also be distinguishable in persistence to ensure they can be round tripped. Other issues regarding the persistence of N3 terms.
An RDF store should provide standard interfaces for the management of database connections. Such interfaces are standard to most database management systems (Oracle, MySQL, Berkeley DB, Postgres, etc..)
The following methods are defined to provide this capability:
def open(self, configuration, create=True) - Opens the store specified by the configuration string. If create is True a store will be created if it does not already exist. If create is False and a store does not already exist an exception is raised. An exception is also raised if a store exists, but there is insufficient permissions to open the store.
def close(self, commit_pending_transaction=False) - This closes the database connection. The commit_pending_transaction parameter specifies whether to commit all pending transactions before closing (if the store is transactional).
def destroy(self, configuration) - This destroys the instance of the store identified by the configuration string.The configuration string is understood by the store implementation and represents all the necessary parameters needed to locate an individual instance of a store. This could be similar to an ODBC string, or in fact be an ODBC string if the connection protocol to the underlying database is ODBC. The open function needs to fail intelligently in order to clearly express that a store (identified by the given configuration string) already exists or that there is no store (at the location specified by the configuration string) depending on the value of create.
An RDF store could provide a standard set of interfaces for the manipulation, management, and/or retrieval of its contained triples (asserted or quoted):
def add(self, (subject, predicate, object), context=None, quoted=False) - Adds the given statement to a specific context or to the model. The quoted argument is interpreted by formula-aware stores to indicate this statement is quoted/hypothetical. It should be an error to not specify a context and have the quoted argument be True. It should also be an error for the quoted argument to be True when the store is not formula-aware.
def remove(self, (subject, predicate, object), context)
def triples(self, (subject, predicate, object), context=None) - Returns an iterator over all the triples (within the conjunctive graph or just the given context) matching the given pattern. The pattern is specified by providing explicit statement terms (which are used to match against nodes in the underlying store), or None - which indicates a wildcard. NOTE: This interface is expected to return an iterator of tuples of length 3, corresponding to the 3 terms of matching statements, which can be either of : URIRef, Blank Node, Literal, Formula, Variable, or (perhaps) a Context.This function can be thought of as the primary mechanism for producing triples with nodes that match the corresponding terms and term pattern provided.
A conjunctive query can be indicated by either providing a value of NULL/None/Empty string value for context or the identifier associated with the Conjunctive Graph.
def __len__(self, context=None) - Number of statements in the store. This should only account for non-quoted (asserted) statements if the context is not specified, otherwise it should return the number of statements in the formula or context given.
These interfaces work on contexts and formulae (for stores that are formula-aware) interchangeably.
def contexts(self, triple=None) - Generator over all contexts in the graph. If triple is specified, a generator over all contexts the triple is in.
def remove_context(self, identifier) -
RDFLib defines the following kinds of Graphs:
'Graph'(_store_,_identifier_)
'QuotedGraph'(_store_,_identifier_)
'ConjunctiveGraph'(_store_,_default_identifier_= None)A Conjunctive Graph is the most relevant collection of graphs that are considered to be the boundary for closed world assumptions. This boundary is equivalent to that of the store instance (which is itself uniquely identified and distinct from other instances of Store that signify other Conjunctive Graphs). It is equivalent to all the named graphs within it and associated with a _default_ graph which is automatically assigned a BNode for an identifier - if one isn't given.
RDFLib graphs support an additional extension of RDF semantics for formulae. For the academically inclined, Graham Klyne's 'formal' extension (see external links) is probably a good read.
Formulae are represented formally by the 'QuotedGraph' class and disjoint from regular RDF graphs in that their statements are quoted.
RDFLib provides an abstracted Store API for persistence of RDF and Notation 3. The Graph class works with instances of this API (as the first argument to its constructor) for triple-based management of an RDF store including: garbage collection, transaction management, update, pattern matching, removal, length, and database management (_open_ / _close_ / _destroy_) . Additional persistence mechanisms can be supported by implementing this API for a different store. Currently supported databases:
HDT
MySQL
SQLite
Berkeley DB
Zope Object Database
Random-access memory
Redland RDF Application FrameworkStore instances can be created with the plugin function:
There are a few high-level APIs that extend RDFLib graphs into other Pythonic idioms. For more a more explicit Python binding, there are Sparta, SuRF & FunOWL.
Documentation for RDFlib is online at documentation and is both handwritten by contributors and auto-generated from code.
For general “how do I…” queries, users are encouraged to https://stackoverflow.com and tag question with [rdflib].
Developers wanting to discuss RDFlib mechanics can use the rdflib-dev mailing list and anyone can raise Issues or submit code improvements via Pull Requests against the RDFlib code repository.
Official website 
RDFLib on GitHub
Hodnet is a civil parish in Shropshire, England.  It contains 59 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England.  Of these, two are listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, five are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the villages of Hodnet, Peplow, and Wollerton, and smaller settlements, and is otherwise mainly rural.  The oldest building in the parish is the 12th-century St Luke's Church, which is listed, together with its lychgate.  In the parish are two country houses that are listed, with associated structures.  Most of the other listed buildings are houses, cottages, farmhouses and farm buildings, many of which are timber framed and date from the 15th to the 18th centuries.  Also listed are an animal pound, three mileposts, another church, and a telephone kiosk.
Johann Nikolaus Forkel (22 February 1749 – 20 March 1818) was a German musician, musicologist and music theorist.
He was born at Meeder in Coburg. He was the son of a cobbler, and received early musical training, especially in keyboard playing, from Johann Heinrich Schulthesius, who was the local Kantor. In other aspects of his music education he was self-taught, especially in regards to theory. As a teenager he served as a singer in Lüneburg, and studied law for two years at the University of Göttingen; he remained associated with the University for more than fifty years, where he held varied positions, including instructor of music theory, organist, keyboard teacher, and eventually director of all music at the university.  In 1787 he received an honorary doctorate of philosophy from the institution.
Forkel is often regarded as the founder of Historical Musicology, for it is with him that the study of music history and theory became an academic discipline with rigorous standards of scholarship.
He was an enthusiastic admirer of Johann Sebastian Bach, whose music he did much to popularize. He also wrote the first biography of Bach (in 1802), one which is of particular value today, as he was still able to correspond directly with Bach's sons Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Wilhelm Friedemann Bach, and thereby obtained much valuable information that would otherwise have been lost.
His library, which was accumulated with care and discrimination at a time when rare books were cheap, forms a valuable portion of the Berlin State Library and also of the library of the Königliche Institut für Kirchenmusik.
He died at Göttingen.
Forkel's writings include:
Über die Theorie der Musik (Göttingen, 1777)
Musikalisch kritische Bibliothek (Gotha, 1778)
Allgemeine Geschichte der Musik (Leipzig, 1788, 1801)
Allgemeine Litteratur der Musik: oder, Anleitung zur Kenntniss musikalischer Bücher, welche von den ältesten bis auf die neusten Zeiten bey den Griechen, Römern und den meisten neuern europäischen Nationen sind geschrieben worden; systematisch geordnet, und nach Veranlassung mit Anmerkungen und Urtheilen begleitet (Leipzig 1792), known in English as Dictionary of Musical Literature
Ueber Johann Sebastian Bachs Leben, Kunst und Kunstwerke. Für patriotische Verehrer echter musikalischer Kunst (Leipzig, 1802)To his musical compositions, which are numerous, little interest is to be attached today. However it is worth noting that he wrote variations on "God Save the King" for the clavichord, and that Georg Joseph Vogler wrote a sharp criticism on them, which appeared at Frankfurt in 1793 together with a set of variations as he conceived they ought to be written.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Chisholm, Hugh, ed. (1911). "Forkel, Johann Nikolaus". Encyclopædia Britannica. 10 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 666. Johann Sebastian Bach: His Life, Art, and Work at Project Gutenberg, translation by Charles Sanford Terry of Ueber Johann Sebastian Bachs Leben, Kunst und Kunstwerke by Johann Nikolaus Forkel (1802). New York: Harcourt, Brace and Howe. 1920 (e-version: 2011).
 German Wikisource has original text related to this article: Johann Nikolaus Forkel
Free scores by Johann Nikolaus Forkel at the International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP)
Literature by and about Johann Nikolaus Forkel in the German National Library catalogue
Works by Johann Nikolaus Forkel at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Johann Nikolaus Forkel at Internet Archive
Works by Johann Nikolaus Forkel at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks)
Alejandro Silva (born 7 November 1957) is a Puerto Rican boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1976 Summer Olympics. At the 1976 Summer Olympics, he lost to Patrick Cowdell of Great Britain.
Emil Hoffmann Reif (born 5 March 1998), better known as Magisk (formerly Magiskb0Y), is a Danish professional Counter-Strike: Global Offensive player for Astralis.  He has won 3 majors in a row, a record tied with only his teammates, and also 3 in total.
Magisk started his career floating around low-level Danish teams, before joining SK Gaming along with Andreas "MODDII" Fridh, Asger "AcilioN" Larsen, Michael "Friis" Jørgensen, and Casper "cadiaN" Møller.  The team was not very successful together, however, and the roster was soon dropped in favour of the Brazilian Luminosity Gaming.  Magisk eventually transferred to Dignitas, replacing Jesper "TENZKI" Plougmann, and joining Mathias "MSL" Lauridsen,  Kristian "k0nfig" Wienecke, René "cajunb" Borg, and Ruben "RUBINO" Villarroel.  The team found moderate success, culminating at a win at EPICENTER 2016.  Magisk won an EVP at the event, and ended up on the HLTV top 20 players of the year, being nominated for 14th place.
In early 2017, Dignitas was signed by F.C. Copenhagen in a new team known as North.  After signing aizy in place of RUBINO, the team would struggle to find success.  In July, North elected to replace Magisk with Valdemar "valde" Bjørn Vangså as the former's form declined after the addition of aizy and ensuing change of roles within the team.  Magisk joined OpTic's new European roster, which was formed off of other benched players from European rosters.
Optic found little success, and in early January, Magisk was signed by Denmark's #1 team at that time, Astralis.  Despite some question marks at first, Magisk turned out to be the player Astralis needed for success.  Astralis went on to win 12 events in 2018 and early 2019, including 2 majors and the Intel Grand Slam, and following this, many people described Astralis as the greatest CS:GO team of all time.  For Magisk, who was the 3rd best player on Astralis, 2018 was another very good individual year, and he received the 7th spot on HLTV's top 20.  Magisk became the 14th major MVP from HLTV at the IEM Katowice 2019 Major.
MVP of BLAST Pro Series: Lisbon 2018
MVP of IEM Katowice Major 2019
HLTV Top 20 Players: 14th (2016), 7th (2018), 5th (2019)
Magisk on Twitter
The 1997 Bausch & Lomb Championships was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Amelia Island Plantation on Amelia Island, Florida in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1997 WTA Tour. It was the 18th edition of the tournament and was held from April 7 through April 13, 1997.
 Lindsay Davenport defeated  Mary Pierce 6–2, 6–3
It was Davenport's 5th title of the year and the 23rd of her career.
 Lindsay Davenport /  Jana Novotná defeated  Nicole Arendt /  Manon Bollegraf 6–3, 6–0
It was Davenport's 6th title of the year and the 24th of her career. It was Novotná's 2nd title of the year and the 78th of her career.
ITF tournament edition details
Consistent eschatology (Thoroughgoing eschatology) is an exclusive futuristic eschatology, the consistent interpretation of Jesus' eschatology as an expectation of an imminent end, and the thorough-going eschatology,  the first position by Albert Schweitzer. He used a thorough eschatology to provide a solution to the historical problems associated with Jesus' life. According to this view, the proclamation of Jesus asserted by Johannes Weiss (J. Weiß) and his actions and ministry are dominated by the eschatological expectation of the impending return. It is in contrast to realized eschatology, which sees the kingdom of God as not in the future but already completed in the ministry of Jesus Christ. It has evolved into inaugurated eschatology which started the synthesis of the consistent eschatology by Albert Schweitzer and realized eschatology by C. H. Dodd.
Jesuism
Postmillennialism
World to Come
George Eldon Ladd (1959). The Gospel of the Kingdom: Scriptural Studies in the Kingdom of God. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing. ISBN 978-0-8028-1280-3.
Albert Schweitzer, The Mystery of the Kingdom of God: The Secret of Jesus' Messiahship and Passion. (1914), Prometheus Books. 1985. ISBN 0-87975-294-7
Zachery Quinn Fulton (born September 23, 1991) is an American football guard for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Tennessee. He has also played for the Houston Texans.
Fulton was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the sixth round, 193rd overall, in the 2014 NFL Draft. He won a starting spot during the Chiefs' training camp in August 2014, and made his NFL debut in the Chiefs' season-opening loss to Tennessee on September 7, 2014. He was the Chiefs' first sixth-round pick to start in the opening game of his rookie season in 30 years. He finished his rookie season starting all 16 games for the Chiefs.
In 2017, Fulton played in 15 games, starting 12 at center and at both guard spots throughout the season following injuries to starters Mitch Morse, Laurent Duvernay-Tardif and Bryan Witzmann.
On March 15, 2018, the Houston Texans signed Fulton to a four-year, $28 million contract that includes $13 million guaranteed. He was named the starting right guard to start the season, and started 13 games there. In 2019, Fulton started 15 games at right guard, and started all 16 at right guard in 2020.
Fulton was released by the Texans on March 17, 2021.
Fulton signed with the New York Giants on March 25, 2021.
Kansas City Chiefs bio
Tennessee Volunteers bio
Wilmer Kenzie Hicks (born July 14, 1942) is a former professional American football defensive back for the American Football League's Houston Oilers from 1964–1969, and for the National Football League's New York Jets from 1970-1972. Before his professional career, Hicks played for Texas Southern University.
Other American Football League players
Mercury is a toxic heavy metal which cycles through the atmosphere, water and soil in various forms to different parts
of the world. Due to this natural cycle, irrespective of which part of the world releases mercury it could affect an entirely different part of the world making mercury pollution a global concern. Mercury pollution is now identified as a global problem and awareness has been raised on an international action plan to minimize anthropogenic mercury emissions and clean up mercury pollution. The 2002 Global Mercury Assessment concluded that "International actions to address the global mercury problem should not be delayed”. Among many environments that are under the impact of mercury pollution, the ocean is one which cannot be neglected as it has the ability to act as a “storage closet” for mercury. According to a recent model study the total anthropogenic mercury released into the ocean is estimated to be around 80,000 to 45,000 metric tons and two thirds of this amount is estimated to be found in waters shallower than 1000m level where many consumable fish live. Mercury can get bio-accumulated in marine food chains in the form of highly toxic methyl mercury which can cause health risks to human seafood consumers. According to statistics, about 66% of the global fish consumption comes from ocean. Therefore, it is important to monitor and regulate oceanic mercury levels to prevent more and more mercury reaching human population through seafood consumption.
Mercury release occurs by both natural and anthropogenic processes. Natural processes are mainly geogenic such as volcanic activities and land emissions through soil. Volcanoes release mercury from the underground reservoirs upon eruption. Land emissions are usually observed in the regions closer to plate tectonic boundaries where soils are enriched with minerals such as cinnabar (Mercury sulfide(HgS)). This mercury is released, usually as a salt, either by natural weathering of the rocks or by geothermal reactions. While natural phenomena account for a certain percentage of present-day emissions, anthropogenic emissions alone have increased mercury concentration in the environment by threefold. Global Mercury Assessment 2013 states main anthropogenic sources of mercury emission are artisanal and small - scale gold mining, fossil fuel burning and primary production of non-ferrous metals. Other sources such as cement production, consumer products waste, crematoria, contaminated sites and chlor-alkali industry also contributes in relatively small percentages.Mercury enters the ocean in different ways. Atmospheric deposition is the largest source of mercury to the oceans. Atmospheric deposition introduces three types of mercury to the ocean. Gaseous elemental mercury (Hg0) enters the ocean through air-water exchange. Inorganic mercury (Hg2+/HgII) and particle-bound mercury (Hg(P)) enters through wet and dry deposition. In addition, mercury enters the ocean via rivers, estuaries, sediments, and, hydrothermal vents etc. These sources also release organic mercury compounds such as Methyl mercury. Once they are in the ocean they can undergo many reactions primarily grouped as; redox reactions (gain or loss of electrons), adsorption processes (binding to solid particles), methylation and demethylation (addition or removal of a methyl group).
Mercury can enter seas and the open ocean as a result of the down-stream movement and re-deposition of contaminated sediments from urban estuaries. For example, high total Hg content up to 5 mg/kg and averaging about 2 mg/kg occur in the surface sediments and sediment cores of the tidal River Mersey, UK, due to discharge from historical industries located along the banks of the tidal river including industries such as historical chlor-alkali industry. Sediments along a 100 km stretch of the Thames Estuary have also been shown to have total Hg contents of up to 12 mg/kg and a mean of 2 mg/kg with the highest concentrations found at depth in and around London. A gradual and statistically significant decrease in sedimentary Hg content occurs in the Thames as a results of greater distance from the historical and current point-sources, sorption and in-river deposition in the mud reaches  as well as dilution by marine sands from the Southern North Sea. In contrast sediments entering the ocean from the marsh creeks of East Coast USA and mangroves fringing the South China Sea generally have moderate sedimentary Hg (<0.5 mg/kg).
Reduction and oxidation of mercury mostly occur closer to the ocean water surface. These are either driven by sunlight or by microbial activity. Under UV radiation, elemental mercury oxidizes and dissolves directly in ocean water or binds to other particles. The reverse reaction reduces some mercury Hg2+ to elemental mercury Hg(0) and returns to the atmosphere. Fine aerosols in the atmosphere such as ocean water droplets can act as small reaction chambers in this process providing the special reaction conditions required. Oxidation and reduction of mercury in the ocean are not very simple reversible reactions. Shown below is the proposed pathway of ocean aerosol mercuric photochemistry suggesting that it occurs through a reactive intermediate:
Photo oxidation is suspected to be driven by OH. radical and reduction is driven by wind and surface layer disturbances. In the dark, mercury redox reactions continue due to microbial activity. The biological transformations are different and have a smaller rate compared to sunlight driven processes above. Inorganic mercury Hg2+ and methyl mercury has the ability to get adsorbed in to particles. A positive correlation of binding is observed for the amount of organic matter vs. the concentration of these mercury species showing that most of them bind to organic matter. This phenomenon can determine the bioavailability and toxicity of mercury in the ocean. Some methyl mercury is released to the ocean through river run-off. However, most of the methyl mercury found in the ocean is produced in –situ (inside the ocean itself). 
Methylation of inorganic mercury can occur via biotic and abiotic pathways. However, biotic pathways are more predominant. The reactions illustrated in a simplified scheme below are actually parts of complex enzyme driven metabolic pathways taking place inside microbial cells.
In abiotic reactions, humic substances act as methylating agents and therefore this process occurs at shallow sea levels where decomposing organic matter is available to combine with inorganic mercury Hg2+.9 Mercury methylation studies in Polar Regions have also shown a positive correlation between methylation and chlorophyll content in water showing there could also be biogenic pathways for methyl mercury production. Produced methyl mercury gets accumulated in microbes. Due to the high permeability and absence of degradation for methyl mercury in other species that depend on those microbes, this very toxic compound gets biomagnified through marine food chains to the top predators. Human population consumes many types of marine fish who are top predators in the food chains which puts their health in great danger. Therefore, finding possible solutions to minimize further mercury emissions and cleaning up the already existing mercury pollution is extremely important.
Oceanic mercury pollution presents a serious threat to human health. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) states that mercury consumption by people of all ages can result in loss of peripheral vision, weakened muscles, impairment of hearing and speech, and deteriorated movement coordination. Infants and developing children face even more serious health risks because mercury exposure inhibits proper brain and nervous system development, damaging memory, cognitive thinking, language abilities, attention, and fine motor skills. The case of Minamata disease that occurred in Minamata Bay, Japan in the 1950s demonstrated the frightening effects of exposure to extremely high concentrations of mercury. Adult patients experienced extreme salivation, limb deformity, and irreversible dysarthria and intelligence loss. In children and fetuses (exposed to mercury through the mother's consumption of contaminated seafood), extensive brain lesions were observed and the patients experienced more serious effects like cerebral palsy, mental retardation, and primitive reflexes. In order to avoid the toxic effects of mercury exposure, the United States EPA advises a mercury dose limit of 0.1 µg/kg/day.In addition to human health, animal health is also seriously threatened by mercury pollution in the ocean.  The effects of high mercury levels on animal health were revealed by the severe mercury poisoning in Minamata Bay in which many animals exhibited extremely strange behaviors and high mortality rates after consuming contaminated seafood or absorbing mercury from the seawater. The cat population essentially disappeared due to cats drowning in the ocean and simply collapsing dead and it became commonplace to witness birds falling out of the sky and fish swimming in circles.
Cleaning up the existing mercury pollution could be a tedious process. Nevertheless, there is some promising ongoing research bringing hope to the challenging task. One such research is based on nanotechnology. It uses synthesized aluminum oxide nanoparticles (Al2O3) mimicking the coral structures. These structures absorb heavy metal toxins effectively due to high surface/volume ratio and the quality of surface. In nature, it has been long observed corals can absorb heavy metal ions due to its surface structure and this new technique has used to nanotechnology to create “synthetic corals” which may help clean mercury in the ocean. The reactions involved in synthesizing this material are;
Another novel material (Patent application: PCT/US15/55205) is still under investigation which looks at the possibility of cleaning mercury pollution using orange peels as raw material. This technology produces sulfur limonene polysulphide (proposed material) using sulfur and limonene. Using industrial byproducts to manufacture this polymer makes it a highly sustainable approach. The scientists say 50% of the mercury content could be reduced with a single treatment using this polymer.In addition to the cleaning processes, minimizing usage of coal power and shifting to cleaner energy sources, reducing small scale artisanal gold mining, proper treatment of industrial mercury waste, and implementation of policies are sound approaches to reduce mercury emissions in the long term-large scale plan. Public awareness is critical in achieving this goal. Proper disposal of mercury containing items such as medicinal packaging and thermometers, using mercury-free bulbs and batteries, buying consumer products with zero or minimum mercury emission to the environment can make a significant difference in recovering world’s ecosystems from mercury pollution leaving minimum legacy of mercury pollution in the ocean for our future generations.
Dimethylmercury
Ethylmercury
Methylmercury
Mercury
Mercury in fish
Mercury poisoning
Mercury cycle
The Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund Stuttgart GmbH (VVS; English: Stuttgart Transport and Tariff Association LLC) is a transport association that coordinates the local public transport in Stuttgart, the capital of Baden-Württemberg, as well as in the neighbouring districts of Böblingen, Esslingen, Ludwigsburg and Rems-Murr, and parts of Göppingen and Ostalbkreis. The network ensures uniform conditions of carriage and fare regulations as well as a coordinated timetable. It cooperates with the administrative districts and municipalities as well as the Verband Region Stuttgart.
The VVS-Gemeinschaftsstarif was introduced on 1 October 1978 when the Stuttgarter Vorortverkehr was replaced by the S-Bahn Stuttgart. Initially, it was a tariff community between Deutsche Bundesbahns (express trains, local trains, S-Bahn and train buses), the german post and almost all means of transport of Stuttgart trams (SSB). At the same time, SSB gave up its own fare; only on the airport bus route A, which was operated until 1993, did SSB's own fare apply until the end. Outside the SSB network at that time, the following railway lines were integrated at the beginning:
Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt-Schorndorf
Waiblingen-Backnang
Backnang-Ludwigsburg
Ludwigsburg-Bietigheim-Bissingen
Stuttgart Hbf-BöblingenOn 1 July 1982 the VVS-transitional tariff was introduced. This enabled passengers to use not only DB and SSB services, but also the buses and trains of around 40 private transport companies with a monthly ticket.
On October 1, 1993, the transitional tariff was abolished and the community tariff was extended to the entire area of the four districts surrounding Stuttgart. From then on, regional trains could no longer be used with composite tickets only up to the end point of the S-Bahn, but beyond that to the last station before the district border.
On January 1, 2014, the Filstalbahn in the District Göppingen to the Geislingen station as well as the railway line Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt-Aalen to the Lorch station in the Ostalbkreis were integrated into the VVS tariff.
On 1 January 2016, the cities of Nagold and Altensteig in the Calw district were also integrated into the VVS tariff.
On 1 January 2020, the Ergenzingen railway station was integrated into the VVS tariff.
The VVS traffic area covers 3012 square kilometres with a population of around 2.4 million. In this area, 17 regional trainlines, seven S-Bahn lines, 19 Stadtbahnlinien operate (including two special lines that only run to special events), the Zahnradbahn Stuttgart, the Standseilbahn Stuttgart as well as 359 bus lines, three trolleybus lines (see trolleybus Esslingen am Neckar) and 28 night bus lines.
The VVS operates 146 S-Bahn railway cars, 164 light rail vehicles, 26 diesel railcars, nine trolleybuses, three rack railcars, two funicular railcars and about 1300 buses.
There is a uniform tariff for the entire area of the Stuttgart transport association. The system comprises one tariff zone for the city of Stuttgart (zone 1) and seven further tariff zones (zones 2 to 8), which are arranged in a ring around the Stuttgart city area.
The tariff reform in April 2019 replaced the 52 old tariff zones - most of which have existed since 1978 - with eight new tariff zones. Among other things, the former core zone 10 was merged with the ring zone 20; since then, the entire Stuttgart city area has been in one zone. Likewise, the outermost ring zones 60 to 69 and 70 to 75 as well as 77 and 78 were merged into the new ring zone 5. As the prices for the zones remained constant, some journeys in the tariff association became cheaper. The cost of the tariff reform 2019 was estimated at about 42 million euros per year. In April 2019, the number of trips increased by 4.1 percent year-on-year, the number of subscribers by 6.8 percent. In the previous months, the increase was between 1.0 and 1.3 percent.
VVS tickets are valid in Stuttgart and the districts of Böblingen, Esslingen, Ludwigsburg and Rems-Murr for all suburban trains, local trains (RB, RE, IRE), light rail, buses (except line X3), the rack railway and the cable car. In inbound and outbound traffic, the VVS tariff also applies in individual neighbouring towns such as Beilstein or Lorch. In the district of Göppingen, the VVS tariff has been applied since 2014 for journeys by local trains from or to the VVS area. The use of buses in the district of Göppingen is possible with individual or group day tickets of the VVS in the price level network, but not with VVS single tickets. The complete integration of the existing Filsland network into the VVS is scheduled for 1 January 2021.Regular single tickets, 4-trip tickets, short-haul tickets, individual and group day tickets as well as different variants of monthly and annual tickets can be purchased. Single tickets and 4-trip tickets for children from 6 to 14 years of age cost about half the normal price, they can also be used to take a dog with you or as a supplement for 1st class.
Single tickets are valid for a maximum of three hours for a journey to the destination, changing trains and interruptions are permitted. The short-distance ticket is valid on suburban trains and local trains for a journey to the next stop, whereby the distance travelled may not exceed five kilometres, on light railways and buses to the third stop after boarding without changing trains or interrupting the journey.
In several cities there are reduced price day tickets that can only be used in the respective city area.
Ticket vending machines can be found at all S-Bahn, light rail and local train stops, and in the SSB area also at bus stops with higher traffic volumes. Payment with the bus driver is mostly only possible with cash, only on the lines of the SVE in Esslingen and of LVL Jäger in Ludwigsburg. The possibility of (contactless) payment by girocard is offered since 2018. With VVS Mobil, the transport association provides its own App for smartphones, which, in addition to timetable information, also enables the purchase of Mobile phone tickets. VVS tickets can also be purchased via the apps SSB Move, Moovel and the DB Navigator. The mobile phone tickets are partly discounted compared to buying them from a ticket machine or the bus driver.
Tickets for 4 persons must be validated before departure. In the case of S-Bahn and local trains, the validators are located on the platform or at the entrances, in the case of light rail and buses, they are in the vehicle. All other tickets purchased from ticket machines or from the bus driver are valid immediately without validation.
The transport services are provided by about 40 companies. On some bus lines, subcontractors not listed here also operate, unless they also operate their own lines in the VVS.
1 The VVS tariff applies only to journeys to or from the VVS area by the respective means of transport.
2 The Stuttgart trams have given up their bus routes, which run completely outside the Stuttgart city area, until 31 December 2018. These lines will therefore be renumbered from the two-digit SSB scheme to the three-digit district scheme, which has not yet been completely implemented.
The 300 range denotes lines in the former District Backnang, line numbers in the 600 range denote the no longer existing District Leonberg.
Official web site of the VVS (comprehensive version in German)
Official web site of the VVS (subset in English)
Network map of the area covered by VVS tariffs
 Geographic data related to Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund Stuttgart at OpenStreetMap
Arbelodes flavicolor is a moth in the family Cossidae. It is found in south-eastern South Africa, where it has been recorded from the Impetyeni Forest in the Eastern Cape and KwaZulu-Natal. The habitat consists of mistbelt forests
The length of the forewings is about 14 mm. The forewings are umber with a few brown spots along the costal margin and small brown patches along the termen. The hindwings are light orange-yellow at the centre, followed by a broad band of glossy brown along the termen. The edge opposite of the abdomen has long, light orange-yellow hairs.
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Eric McHenry (born April 12, 1972 Topeka, Kansas) is an American poet. He was the Poet Laureate of Kansas from 2015-2017.
McHenry graduated from Topeka High School. He graduated from Beloit College and from Boston University. In April 2015 he was appointed to a two-year term as Poet Laureate of Kansas by the Kansas Humanities Council.His work has appeared in The New Republic, Harvard Review, Northwest Review, Orion and AGNI.He lives in Lawrence, Kansas with his family. He currently teaches at Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas, where he holds the position of Associate Professor of English.
2007 Kate Tufts Discovery Award
Potscrubber Lullabies. Waywiser. 2006. ISBN 978-1-904130-22-2.
Bill Henderson, ed. (2004). The Pushcart Prize Xxviii 2004: Best of the Small Presses. The Pushcart Press. ISBN 978-1-888889-37-6.
"Auden on Bin Laden", Slate, Sept. 20, 2001
McHenry named Poet Laureate of Kansas
Kansas Humanities Council
The Mall at Rockingham Park is the largest shopping mall in the state of New Hampshire, with 1,024,171 square feet (95,148.6 m2) of floor space. The mall is located in the town of Salem, about 30 miles (48 km) north of Boston. The mall is adjacent to Interstate 93 and the former Rockingham Park race track in Salem, and was the state's third shopping mall to be built. The mall now hosts 144 stores, with Macy's, JCPenney, and Dick's Sporting Goods as anchors with two vacant anchors last occupied by Lord & Taylor and Sears. The mall is managed by Simon Property Group, which owns 28.2% of it. As of March 2015, the mall was Simon's highest grossing center, with annual sales of $2,105 per square foot.Like the Pheasant Lane Mall in Nashua, the Mall at Rockingham Park is located close to the Massachusetts state line and draws many customers from that state. New Hampshire has no sales tax on most goods. The success of the Mall at Rockingham Park, which opened in August 1991, caused the Methuen Mall across the line in Methuen, Massachusetts, to close in 1997; it was replaced with The Loop, a "big box"-style center. The Mall at Rockingham Park also caused the adjacent (and older) Rockingham Mall to convert into a "big box" center, as Salem could no longer support two shopping malls. In 2006, the mall's original Macy's store (formerly Jordan Marsh) was closed with all Filene's converting into Macy's.
In 2011, Lord & Taylor renovated and converted the former Macy's space, opening its only New Hampshire store in March 2012. In 2015, Dick's Sporting Goods took over Sears' second floor as part of a deal with the company. It was one of 235 properties spun off from Sears Holdings into Seritage Growth Properties in 2015. Dick's opened October 2015.
On August 22, 2018, it was announced that Sears would be closing as part of a plan to close 46 stores nationwide. The store closed in November 2018. A new Cinemark Theatres complex opened in 2020 near the site of the old Sears Auto Center, which is separate from the rest of the mall.
On August 20, 2020, it was announced that Lord & Taylor would also be closing as part of a plan to close 24 stores nationwide. On August 27, 2020, it was announced that Lord & Taylor would be closing all remaining stores. The store closed on December 29, 2020.
The center of the Mall at Rockingham Park is a circular walkway on both floors. In the center of this circle, there is a staircase to travel between floors. From this center, there are two major corridors at approximately a 140° angle. The longer corridor, which goes almost due north of the center, leads to Dick's Sporting Goods at the end, and the entrance to JCPenney partway along the corridor. The shorter corridor leads southeast, with Macy's at the end of this corridor. The central circle also connects to a food court.
Route 38 surrounds most of the Mall at Rockingham Park. From Route 38, there are several entrances. Exit 1 northbound on Interstate 93 has a ramp that provides quick access to the mall; southbound, Exit 1 also provides access, but it is not as direct.
Between the mall and Route 38 to the east is a parking lot with two levels. The upper level provides access to all parts of the mall. A smaller parking lot on the southwest side of the mall leads to the southern half; there is another lot north of Dick's Sporting Goods and one east of Route 38 that was intended for the now-defunct racetrack.
General information - Mall website
Third-seeded Billie Jean King defeated defending champion Evonne Goolagong in the final 6–3, 6–3, to win the Women's Singles title at the 1972 French Open and complete a career Grand Slam in singles.The French Lawn Tennis Federation halved the size of the draw from 64 to 32 players in an attempt to attract the top players on tour to the tournament; this change was reverted the following year as results were mixed.
The seeded players are listed below. Billie Jean King is the champion; others show the round in which they were eliminated.
 Evonne Goolagong (Runner-up)
 Nancy Gunter (withdrew)
 Billie Jean King (Champion)
 Rosemary Casals (First round)
 Françoise Dürr (Semifinalist)
 Virginia Wade (Quarterfinalist)
 Helga Niessen Masthoff (Semifinalist)
 Linda Tuero (First round)
Q = Qualifier
WC = Wild Card
LL = Lucky Loser
r. = retired
1972 French Open – Women's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Dmitry Prokofievich Troshchinsky (October 26, 1749 – February 26, 1829) was a Russian statesman, senior Cabinet Secretary (1793–98), Prosecutor General (1814–17), Privy Councilor, senator, owner of the serf theater.
Coming from the Little Russian noble family of Troshchinsky. His great-grandfather – the gadyatsky colonel Stepan Troshchinsky – was the nephew of hetman Ivan Mazepa. Dmitry's father, Prokofy Troshchinsky, was a Bunchuk comrade in the Hetman country.
At the end of the course at the Kiev Academy, Dmitry Troshchinsky joined the Little Russian Collegium. He received the rank of regimental clerk in 1773. Being sent to Moldavia at the disposal of Prince Nikolai Repnin, Troshchinsky soon attracted the attention of the prince, who did not part with him until 1787, by his industriousness and efficiency. This year, Catherine II took a trip to the Crimea; she was accompanied by Count Alexander Bezborodko. Prince Repnin recommended to him Troshchinsky, as a reliable and experienced official.
In 1793, Troshchinsky was appointed a member of the Main Post Office and elevated to the rank of Secretary of State. This gave him the opportunity to attract the attention of Catherine II. In 1796, he received from the empress the town of Kagarlyk in the Kiev Governorate, the entire Kagarlyk village headquarters, as well as two village headquarters in the Podolsk Governorate. Troshchinsky accompanied emperor Paul I to Moscow for the coronation and was appointed senator and present in the council established at the educational society of noble maidens.
In 1800, he was dismissed from all posts and (according to Nathan Eidelman) took part in a conspiracy against Paul I. After the coup of 1801, he was reinstated in all posts and appointed by Emperor Alexander I a member of the Permanent State Council and head of the Postal Directorate of the empire, and when the ministries were established, he became the Minister of Allotments. Troshchinsky is also known for the fact that he wrote the famous manifesto on the accession to the throne of Alexander I, in which the tsar abdicated the policies of Paul I and solemnly vowed "to rule by God, as the people handed over to us according to the laws and in the heart of God, the honourable grandmother of our sovereign Empress Catherine the Great".
Troshchinsky held the post of Minister of Allotments from 1802 to 1806, then he retired and moved to live in the village of Kibintsy, Mirgorod Uyezd. The Poltava nobility chose him as the provincial marshal.
From 1814 to 1817, Troshchinsky was the Minister of Justice. Having retired, he remained in Saint Petersburg for about five years, and then moved to Kibintsy, where he gathered the local landowners. Among the latter were the Gogol–Yanovsky family, the relatives of Troshchinsky by brother. Thanks to Troshchinsky, Nikolai Gogol was enrolled in the Nizhyn gymnasium.
He had extensive possessions in the Poltava Region, the Kiev Region, in Podolia and the Voronezh Province (over 70,000 dessiatins). In last years, Troshchinsky lived in his Khorbintsy estate in Mirgorod. He was a friend and patron of many Ukrainian writers and artists, in particular Vasily Kapnist, Pavel Koropchevsky, Miklashevsky, Yakov Markevich, Vasily Lomikovsky, Vasily Gogol, Vladimir Borovikovsky, Artemy Vedel. Through his friend Osip Kamenetsky, Troshchinsky was one of the initiators of the first edition of the Aeneid by Ivan Kotlyarevsky (1798). In Kibintsy, Troshchinsky had a home theater, which he directed from 1812 with the help of Vasily Kapnist and Vasily Gogol-Yanovsky.
Troshchinsky collected a rich library, sold in parts after his death in different hands. He died of "dropsy in the chest" on February 26, 1829, in Kibintsy, leaving a very significant condition: 6 thousand souls of serfs, a house in Petersburg and Kiev, movable property worth about 1 million rubles. He bequeathed a significant part of his wealth to his senior nephew Andrei Troshchinsky.
Troshchinsky was not married, but had secondary children – his son Dmitry (October 25, 1802 – ?, born in Saint Petersburg, the godson of Colonel Andrei Troshchinsky), and daughter Nadezhda (she died of consumption in 1817), she was married to an officer, Prince Ivan Khilkov, who soon left, according to Gogol, he was "a big comedian and an old sinner". Their daughter Praskovya Ivanovna (1804–1829) became the wife (1827) of Major General Baron Stanislav Karlovich Osten-Saken (1789–1863).
According to a contemporary, Troshchinsky "loved her granddaughter dearly, meanwhile, she was completely convinced that she was his only heiress and eagerly expected what her fate would be decided. When reading the spiritual, the old man called her a pupil and left her 800 souls in the Kiev province. This news struck her so much that she fell ill, soon gave birth, and died three weeks after the death of Troshchinsky, leaving her husband and little orphan daughter", Elena, who died in 1835, in despair. After her death, Andrei Troshchinsky tried in court to rob the baron of Osten-Saken, but lost the case. In 1837, the side daughters of Prince Khilkov, Countess Alexandra Efimovskaya and Natalya Ushakova, began a lawsuit with the baron, trying to prove that they were the legal heirs of their deceased half-sister Praskovya Khilkova, but in 1851 all their arguments were recognized as having no legal basis.
Order of Saint Vladimir, 2nd class (September 22, 1794);
Order of Saint Anna, 2nd class;
Order of Saint Alexander Nevsky;
Order of Saint John of Jerusalem.
Dmitry Prokofievich Troshchinsky // Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary: in 86 Volumes (82 Volumes and 4 Additional) – Saint Petersburg, 1890–1907
hrono.ru
Don Bluth Entertainment (formerly Sullivan Bluth Studios) was an Irish-American animation studio established in 1979 by animator Don Bluth. Bluth and several colleagues, all of whom were former Disney animators, left Disney on September 13, 1979 to form Don Bluth Productions, later known as the Bluth Group. This studio produced the short film Banjo the Woodpile Cat, the feature film The Secret of NIMH, a brief animation sequence in the musical Xanadu, and the video games Dragon's Lair and Space Ace. And Bluth co-founded Sullivan Bluth Studios with American businessman Morris Sullivan, John Pomeroy and Gary Goldman in 1985.
The studio initially operated from an animation facility in Van Nuys, California, and negotiated with Steven Spielberg and Amblin Entertainment to make the animated feature An American Tail. During its production, Sullivan began to move the studio to Dublin, Ireland, to take advantage of government investment and incentives offered by the Industrial Development Authority (IDA). Most of the staff from the US studio moved to the new Dublin facility during production on the studio's second feature film, The Land Before Time. The studio also recruited heavily from Ireland, and helped set up an animation course at Ballyfermot College of Further Education  to train new artists.
After The Land Before Time, the studio severed its connection with Amblin and negotiated with UK-based Goldcrest Films, which invested in and distributed two additional features, All Dogs Go to Heaven and Rock-a-Doodle. In 1989, during the production of All Dogs Go to Heaven, founding member John Pomeroy and many of the remaining American staff members returned to the United States to form a satellite studio in Burbank, California. The studio found itself in financial difficulty in 1992 when Goldcrest withdrew funding due to concerns about the poor box office returns of its most recent films and budgetary over-runs in its in-production films, Thumbelina, A Troll in Central Park and The Pebble and the Penguin. Another British film company, Merlin Films, and Hong Kong media company Media Assets invested in the studio to fund the completion and release of the three partially completed films.
Bluth and Goldman were drawn away from the studio when they were approached in late 1993 to set up a new animation studio for 20th Century Fox. Sullivan Bluth Studio's films continued to suffer losses at the box office, and the studio was closed down in 1995 after the release of their final feature, The Pebble and the Penguin. Don Bluth and Gary Goldman went on to head up Fox Animation Studios in Phoenix, Arizona to work on Anastasia, Bartok the Magnificent and Titan A.E.
In September 1979, Don Bluth, an animator and animation director at Walt Disney Productions, fellow animators John Pomeroy and Gary Goldman, and eight other animation staff left the studio during production on The Fox and the Hound. Bluth cited as his reasons dissatisfaction with the studio's stifling bureaucracy and its "churn 'em out" attitude to filmmaking. Bluth, Pomeroy and Goldman had been working for four years prior to leaving Disney on a project of their own, Banjo the Woodpile Cat. Upon leaving Disney, they and the other defecting animators formed the independent studio Don Bluth Productions, working out of Bluth's garage and home in Ventura, California, and made the completion of this short film their first project. After four years of production, much of it part-time, Banjo the Woodpile Cat was completed and given theatrical screenings in two theatres in December 1979. The short was then offered to various television stations, airing on HBO in February 1980 and ABC in 1982.After the completion of Banjo, the studio moved out of Bluth's house and into a two-story facility in nearby Studio City. The studio's first commission was to produce a two-minute animated sequence for the song "Don't Walk Away" in the live-action musical Xanadu. The brief sequence might ordinarily have taken four or five months to produce; Bluth's studio completed it in under three. The studio then started work on its first feature film, an adaptation of the Newbery Medal-winning children's book Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH. Backed by Aurora Productions, The Secret of NIMH started production in 1980 and was completed in 1982. Though generally well received by critics, who praised the richness and fluidity of the animation, some found the narrative unsatisfying. The Secret of NIMH earned $12 million in the United States, which was blamed on distributor MGM/UA's poor promotion, regionally staggered releases and competition from E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, which had been released the previous month (which most likely brought NIMH nearly into obscurity). Between this and an industry-wide animators strike in 1982, the studio found itself in financial trouble and filed for bankruptcy.Reforming under the name Bluth Group, the studio's next project was to produce the animation for Cinematronics' arcade video games Dragon's Lair and Space Ace, which were released in 1983. The games were very successful, attracting considerable attention for the animated visuals quite unlike the simplistic graphics of other games of the era, but were criticized for their limited interactivity. The collapse of the video game industry in late 1983 and early 1984 halted production on the sequel Dragon's Lair II: Time Warp. Cinematronics, now in debt and trying to cut its own losses, froze fees and royalties of over US$3 million to Bluth Group, driving the studio once again into bankruptcy. The unfinished sequel to Dragon's Lair, despite having almost all of its animated footage completed, remained unreleased until 1991.
During Bluth Group's period working with Cinematronics, Don Bluth met Morris Sullivan, a mergers and acquisitions broker and enthusiast of traditional animation, who quickly saw the potential in the studio. When the studio declared its second bankruptcy, Sullivan stepped in to assist, combining his experience of the business world with Bluth and his crew's talent to form Sullivan Studios (later becoming Sullivan Bluth Studios). Moving out of the smaller Studio City facility and into a dedicated building in Van Nuys, California, the studio opened in 1985.In its early days, the studio worked on undeveloped projects—which included Beauty and the Beast and Satyrday—and commercials while seeking a suitable feature film project. In 1984, as the studio was preparing to move to its new headquarters, Bluth was approached by Steven Spielberg with an idea for a feature film about a mouse family emigrating to America, An American Tail. Bluth and Spielberg worked together to develop the story for the film, and production began in earnest later that year. With backing from Spielberg's production company Amblin Entertainment, and distributors Universal Pictures, the film was released in November 1986, accompanied by a major publicity campaign. An American Tail was very successful at the box-office, grossing $47 million in the United States and becoming the highest-grossing animated film on an initial release.During production on An American Tail, Morris Sullivan drew plans to move the majority of the studio's operations to Ireland to take advantage of a scheme set up by the Industrial Development Authority encouraging filmmakers to invest in the country by offering grants, tax benefits, and lower operating costs. Difficulties with American trade unions that arose when Bluth offered his employees wages below union rates during the financially tense production of An American Tail may also have influenced the decision to relocate. The IDA offered Sullivan Bluth Studios the largest grant in the country's history to relocate to Dublin, in return for a 5% government ownership of the studio. This, along with Sullivan's own investment, funded the foundation of a large and sophisticated new animation studio near Dublin's Phoenix Park. The studio opened with a staff of 85, mostly handling the ink-and-paint process, but expanded to employ over 300 people, including some 100 staff relocated from the California studio, and to cover all aspects of the animation process and even film processing. To build up this workforce, the studio brought young Irish people to the USA studio to train, and Bluth helped to set up an animation course at the nearby Ballyfermot Senior College. Despite the majority of operations eventually being moved to the Dublin studio, an executive office was retained in Burbank, California to maintain ties with US producers and distributors.During the move to Ireland, production had started on the studio's second feature, The Land Before Time. Again, Amblin and Spielberg backed the production, with additional input from friend of Spielberg and Star Wars creator George Lucas, who had worked with Spielberg on the initial story treatment. The movie had been rushed into its early production stages even before the release of An American Tail to meet an autumn 1987 release date, a very tight schedule for a feature-length animated film. However, between delays caused by the disruption of the move to Dublin, and the unwillingness of Amblin and Universal to fully commit to the project until An American Tail's release, production fell behind by several months, and it wasn't until spring 1987 that The Land Before Time went into full production.Spielberg and Lucas's control over the story and production of The Land Before Time was notably greater than with An American Tail; substantial changes to the story were imposed mid-production, and around 10 minutes of footage, an expenditure for the studio of over $1 million, was removed. Production was completed in 1988 for a November release, the film vying for box-office receipts with Disney's Oliver & Company. The Land Before Time received positive reviews from film critics and broke the record for the highest-grossing animated film on its opening weekend, and would have retained the record for highest overall gross ($48 million) had Oliver & Company not surpassed it ($53 million).
During the production of The Land Before Time, Morris Sullivan detailed plans to diversify the studio's output into other areas. In late 1987, a further $4.5 million was invested in improvements to the studio as part of a plan to move into television. At around the same time, plans were also announced to go into live-action film production, and to purchase a film distribution company to distribute not only the studio's own output but also other Irish productions. However, the live action and distribution plans were put on hold when the studio struck a deal with British producers Goldcrest Films in early 1988 to partially finance and distribute a further three animated films.Later that year, the plans were revived, along with the possibility of opening a television animation division to produce high-quality Saturday morning cartoons. However, these plans were halted by April 1989. Out of all the plans to diversify, only the studio's commercial animation department was kept, producing advertisements for American and European television.
During the production of The Land Before Time, development work was already beginning on the studio's next feature. Sullivan had been keen to fund the next feature with a combination of the studio's own revenue and Irish investment, as opposed to Hollywood producers; the deal with Goldcrest (which had an Irish office) would make this possible. Working under Goldcrest also afforded director Bluth more free rein over the development of the story than under Amblin and Spielberg.
Early ideas for a dog-based story starring Burt Reynolds had been mooted after the completion of The Secret of NIMH, but never progressed beyond rough storyboards. The idea was revisited in late 1987 and developed into a feature-length story, titled All Dogs Go to Heaven. The film entered full production in late 1988, following directly on from The Land Before Time.In 1989, during the production of All Dogs Go to Heaven, Pomeroy and several original crew members left the Dublin studio to return to the United States, setting up a studio in Burbank, California named West Olive, later to become Sullivan Bluth Animation Studios. The new studio handled some of the animation for All Dogs Go to Heaven, as well as some television commercials. The move helped strengthen the studio's presence in the North American market, and early promotion for All Dogs Go to Heaven included a presentation at the 1989 San Diego Comic-Con and sales of animation cels from previous productions. Initially, the new American studio handled only the rough animation, with the drawings then sent to the Dublin studio for cleanup, ink-and-paint, and shooting. As the studio expanded, it took on more and more of the animation process, with the paper animation completed there and sent to Dublin for Xerography and painting.All Dogs Go to Heaven was completed in late 1989, opening in November. On Pomeroy's insistence, some cuts were made to bring the film down from its initial MPAA rating of PG to a G rating. Like their previous feature, the studio's latest would be going head-to-head against Disney's newest release, this time The Little Mermaid. Critics gave mixed reviews, with some drawing unfavorable comparisons with The Little Mermaid. Commercially, it fell short of the studio's previous two features, grossing $27 million domestically. However, it was a great success when released on home video; accompanied by a $13 million advertising campaign, the video sold over three million copies in the first month alone, topping the charts and becoming one of the top-selling VHS releases of all time.The unspectacular reception for All Dogs Go to Heaven led the studio to reconsider its approach to public relations in hopes to impress the American film critics. For its next feature film, Rock-A-Doodle, a greater emphasis was placed on audience reception. Several screenings of early test footage were held, and changes were made to the film's content to reduce the intensity or suggestiveness of several scenes and broaden its commercial appeal.Rock-A-Doodle was released in April 1992, and was the last of the studio's films to have Goldcrest involved in its distribution. The Samuel Goldwyn Company picked up the rights for its distribution in the United States. The production's goal for success failed abysmally (even worse than All Dogs Go to Heaven), as the critical reception was poor to indifferent, and it performed poorly at the box office, grossing just $11.7 million, losing to its apparent competitor, Kroyer Films, Inc./20th Century Fox's FernGully: The Last Rainforest (which grossed over $32 million). The film's poor financial performance, along with the loss of financial backing for several other features the studio had in development, led the studio to declare bankruptcy in October 1992.Rock-A-Doodle was loosely based on the play Chantecler by poet and playwright Edmond Rostand (itself based on a fable popularized by Chaucer in The Canterbury Tales). The idea for an adaptation of Chantecler dates back to the late 1930s at Walt Disney Productions, and was revisited repeatedly in the decades to follow, but never entered production. It was not until 1982 that Bluth, having left Disney, took a similar idea into pre-production, though the project stalled following the collapse of Don Bluth Productions in the same year. As work on All Dogs Go to Heaven neared completion, the idea was revived and Rock-a-Doodle entered production in late 1989.During production of Rock-a-Doodle, the studio found itself in difficulties again. Following a buyout of Goldcrest, the new owners of the production company, after finding out the end results of their previous film, decided to end its dealings with Sullivan Bluth Studios. Shortly after, Goldcrest took steps to liquidate the studio, claiming it could not pay back a $300,000 loan and other debts. However, the petition was withdrawn and the issue was settled outside court. Though the precise reasons for the withdrawal were not made public, as part of the settlement the ownership of the studio's artwork was turned over to Goldcrest, putting an end to the studio's selling of animation cels. Around this time, Sullivan Bluth was contracted by Hanna-Barbera Productions and Universal Studios to provide animation for The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera ride at Universal Studios Florida.In January 1992, Sullivan Bluth Studios renamed itself to Don Bluth Entertainment.
With Goldcrest's withdrawal, the future of Don Bluth Entertainment was uncertain. Three further films were already well into development; A Troll in Central Park had been in production since mid-1990, Thumbelina since early 1991 and The Pebble and the Penguin since late 1991. The studio's in-development features were going over budget, and the studio's Belgian investors and a Netherlands bank, who had invested heavily in them, suffered financial difficulties as a result and withdrew further funding. The threat of the closure of the studio was raised that month in the Dáil Éireann (the lower house of the Oireachtas, also known as Ireland's national parliament) in the hopes of securing its future. Thirty employees were laid off at the Los Angeles studio, many of the staff at the Dublin studio continued working unpaid, and Don Bluth reportedly met some operating expenses out of his own pocket.In November 1992, Don Bluth Entertainment found investment from filmmaker John Boorman's production company Merlin Films and Hong Kong-based company Media Assets. Merlin Films and Media Assets invested $14 million to purchase the studio and a further $6 million to acquire the rights to partially completed films A Troll in Central Park and Thumbelina and ensure their completion, with further investment to follow on the third film, The Pebble and the Penguin, then still in early development. A condition of the investment was that Merlin Films and Media Assets would have a close involvement in the management of Don Bluth Entertainment's financial operations, following reports of the studio's past mismanagement. In July 1993, Star TV, the parent company of Media Assets, was purchased by News Corporation, also owner of 20th Century Fox.Although A Troll in Central Park was closer to completion, Merlin and Media Assets decided that Thumbelina was more likely to be a commercial success, and pressed for its completion and release first. By March 1993, Media Assets became the sole owner of the studio. MGM/UA, who planned to distribute the films in the United States, had already backed off in the wake of Don Bluth Entertainment's bankruptcy, doubtful that the pictures would ever be completed. J&M Entertainment, which was slated to release the films overseas, sold their rights to Media Assets. Warner Bros. Pictures picked up Thumbelina and subsequent films for worldwide distribution. The film was released in March 1994. Critical reception was generally indifferent to mixed, and the film performed poorly at the box office, grossing just over $11 million.The studio's next feature suffered a much weaker commercial performance. A Troll in Central Park, almost complete at the time of the Merlin deal, was given a limited regional release in October 1994. Like Thumbelina before it, A Troll in Central Park was poorly received by critics, and it grossed just $71,000. This poor performance has been attributed to Warner Bros.' lack of promotion; there was no television promotion, no advance screenings and only a low-key print campaign. In the July 2001 issue of Bluth's animation magazine Toon Talk, Bluth explained the film's troubled production, faulting his own unwillingness to accept outside input, and lack of time to refine the story, likening the film to "a child [...] born prematurely".
The third of the studio's partially completed features, The Pebble and the Penguin, was also dogged by production difficulties. MGM/UA stepped in to become distributors for the film in the United States, and at a relatively late stage in production insisted on making extensive changes, cutting some sequences, removing some characters, and re-recording many of the voices. The changes meant that the animation, the effects animation in particular, fell behind, and some of the ink-and-paint work had to be farmed out to Hungarian animation studio Reflex Animation Ltd. to meet the release deadline. Directors Bluth and Goldman were so dissatisfied at the enforced changes that they insisted on their names being removed from the credits (though the company name "Don Bluth Limited" remained). The Pebble and the Penguin was released in April 1995, and again made a loss at the box office, grossing almost $4 million in the United States. The film performed better on home video when released that August, becoming a fast seller alongside other animated films released in the same month. Bluth did not remain disassociated with The Pebble and the Penguin, supervising a high-definition remastering in 2007 that corrected some of the animation and shooting errors caused by the rushed production.
In late 1993, shortly after the Merlin Films/Media Assets deal, founders Bluth and Goldman met with then-President of 20th Century Fox Television Peter Chernin, and CEO and Chairman of Fox Filmed Entertainment Bill Mechanic to discuss the creation of a feature animation division. While Bluth and Goldman wanted to remain at the Dublin studio, arguing that because Media Assets was owned by Fox's parent company News Corporation, Fox effectively had a working animation studio already, Mechanic wanted Bluth and Goldman to head up a new studio in Phoenix, Arizona instead. Fox had learned that Bluth's Dublin studio had a seven-year distribution contract with Warner Bros. Pictures, meaning that they would have to give up their distribution fee to a competitor, and it was thus decided to shut down Don Bluth Ireland entirely instead of waiting for the Warner Bros. contract to expire. Bluth and Goldman intended to remain in Ireland to complete work on The Pebble and the Penguin, but when they were forced to make changes to the film, they left the studio and began working with Mechanic to set up Fox Animation Studios. After the release of The Pebble and the Penguin in 1995, operations at the Dublin studio wound down. Many of the staff moved to the new Fox Animation studio, and the studio closed its doors in 1996.Working at the new Arizona animation facility, Bluth and Goldman co-directed Fox Animation Studio's first film, Anastasia, released in 1997, a 1999 direct-to-video prequel Bartok the Magnificent and Titan A.E., released in 2000. Titan A.E. grossed just $22.7 million against its estimated budget of $75 million; Fox Animation Studios had already laid off two-thirds of its staff several months previously, and it closed entirely shortly after Titan A.E.'s release.
The departure in 1979 of animators Bluth, Goldman and Pomeroy, along with a further four animators and four assistant animators from Disney's feature animation studio, caused a considerable disturbance in the animation industry. The eleven animators who left represented about 17% of the studio's animation staff, a loss that delayed the release of The Fox and the Hound by six months. Ron W. Miller, the president and CEO of The Walt Disney Company at the time, remarked that although the timing of their departure was unfortunate, it was "possibly the best thing that could happen to our animation group". Bluth expressed concerns that as Disney's productions became more technically advanced, the story seemed to lose importance. The aim of his new studio was to “return animation to its glorious past”, concentrating on strong stories, and using traditional animation techniques that had fallen out of favor at Disney. Animation historian Jerry Beck observed that Don Bluth Productions was clearly set up in direct opposition to Disney; even Aurora Productions, who backed the studio's first feature, The Secret of NIMH, was made up of former Disney executives.While Bluth's early output did not match Disney's success at the box office, critics praised the studio's visual style, and by 1986 Sullivan Bluth Studios' An American Tail had broken the box-office record for a first-release animated feature. As animation columnist Jim Hill notes, this critical and commercial reception forced Disney to rethink its approach to animated features. Throughout the 1980s, Disney strove to revitalize its output, and while the next feature after Bluth's departure, The Black Cauldron, was a commercial and critical failure (attributed by Hill to the use of the latest animation technology at the expense of the story), the films that followed (The Great Mouse Detective and Oliver & Company) marked the beginning of a period of increasing success for the studio in the late 1980s and early 1990s, with each successive film earning 40–50% more than its predecessor, culminating in The Lion King earning nearly $800 million worldwide in 1994.
Sullivan Bluth Studios has also been regarded as a major influence in the development of Ireland's animation industry. Animator Jimmy Murakami had been operating his studio Murakami Films in Ireland throughout the 1980s, and the opening of Sullivan Bluth Studios brought about expansion in the sector, with Murakami Films expanding to become Murakami-Wolf Dublin (later Fred Wolf Films Dublin), and another studio of American origins, Emerald City, opening in Dublin. By 1990, Dublin's animation industry employed around 530 people.Sullivan Bluth Studios was also instrumental in setting up education programmes in Dublin to train new artists and animators. At the Ballyfermot Senior College an animation department was set up, modelled on the school of Art and Design at Sheridan College, Ontario, Canada. Many of Ballyfermot's graduates went on to work at Sullivan Bluth and the city's other animation studios. In 1989, around 75% of the 350 staff employed at the Dublin studio were Irish, and by late 1990, most of the original American crew had returned to the United States to be replaced by Irish artists and animators. Some senior staff at the studio became part-time instructors at the college. The success of the animation course at Ballyfermot spurred the creation of an animation programme at Dún Laoghaire Institute of Art, Design and Technology, focused more on experimental and arthouse techniques compared to Ballyfermot's traditional animation approach.The closure of Sullivan Bluth Studios in 1995 brought about a near collapse in the Irish animation industry. Emerald City closed soon after, and Fred Wolf Films Dublin downsized. By 1997, the industry's annual turnover had dropped from around £12 million to just £100,000. The industry began to recover as numerous smaller animation studios were set up. Several former Sullivan Bluth employees started studios of their own, including Brown Bag Films, Monster Animation and Design and Terraglyph Animation. 
The animation sector in Ireland has grown to become a very successful industry as indigenous studios have all produced films and TV series for international markets.
Dragon's Lair (1983)
Space Ace (1984)
Dragon's Lair II: Time Warp (1991)
Banjo the Woodpile Cat (1979; TV short)
Xanadu (1980; animated sequence)
When the Wind Blows (1986; additional trace and paint services)
The Chipmunk Adventure (1987; additional animation)
The Wind in the Willows (1987; ink/paint, additional visual effects and animation)
The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera (1990, ride film for Universal Studios Florida; character animation)
Dragon and Slippers (1990; ink/paint, additional visual effects and animation)
Rover Dangerfield (1991; ink/paint, production camera and xerox work)
The Magic Voyage (1992; ink/paint, production camera and xerox work)
Freddie as F.R.O.7 (1992; additional visual effects and animation)
The Thief and the Cobbler (1993; additional visual effects and animation)
The Princess and the Goblin (1994; ink/paint, production camera and xerox work, additional visual effects and animation)
East of the Sun and West of the Moon, an animated film that was to be produced after The Secret of NIMH, but production was halted due to the 1982 animators' strike.
Beauty and the Beast, an adaptation of the fairy tale of the same name. Bluth began development on the project in 1984, and following The Land Before Time, it was expected to be his next film. However, he dropped the project when Disney announced plans for its own film adaptation knowing he would not complete it before theirs.
Satyrday, another animated film that Don Bluth was developing prior to An American Tail. Based on the story by Steven Bauer, the story centers on the last human, living in a fantasy world, who goes on a quest to get the moon back from a giant owl. The human teams up with a satyr and a snow fox to rescue the moon and discover the fate of the human race. Some of the film's concepts later went into the French animated film Mune: Guardian of the Moon.
The Baby Blue Whale, an animated film which was described as "an underwater Bambi". The story was about a little girl and her animal friends who try to protect a little whale from evil whalers. Throughout the 1980s, Bluth and his team collaborated with screenwriter Robert Towne on the project, but the project was dropped and given entirely to Towne.
A Song of the Ice Whale, another animated feature film that involves whales caught in the Arctic ice and the efforts from several countries to free them.
Piper, an animated short film that is based on the famous Pied Piper of Hamelin story. While the production for the short was cancelled, a clip of an animation drawing is shown online.
Jawbreaker, a TV mini-series of a boy who finds a magical tooth. The mini-series' production was shut down when Don Bluth started Fox Animation Studios.
The Sea Beast and Barnacle Bill, a video game in the same style as Dragon's Lair and Space Ace, where a 1940s sailor named Barnacle Bill tries to rescue a mermaid princess from a nasty sea beast.
Jason and the Golden Fleece, another video game in the same style as Dragon's Lair and Space Ace that is based on the famous Greek legend Jason.
Devil's Island, where you play a shipwreck passenger trying to find treasure, rescue a jungle princess and take down a corrupt civilization.
Haywire, where you play a Charlie Chaplin like character trying to survive and escape a huge factory run by an evil business man.
Drac, where Van Helsing has to save his girlfriend from Dracula and his monster minions of evil before she becomes one of his brides.
Cro Magnon, where you play a Cro Magnon caveman as he battles vicious dinosaurs, scary creatures and an evil warlord.
Sorceress, where you control a sorceress to protect her island from temple robbers and poachers.
Don Bluth Productions at IMDb
Sullivan Studios at IMDb
Sullivan Bluth Studios at IMDb
Don Bluth Inc. at IMDb
Don Bluth Ireland Studios at IMDb
Don Bluth's official Animation Academy
Don Bluth Films, Inc.
Themes from Aladdin and His Wonderful Lamp is an extended play 45 rpm record released in 1965 by The Shadows. It was released on Columbia Records/EMI Records as SEG 8396 in mono and reached No. 14 in the UK EP charts in March 1965. The songs on the EP are excerpts from the London Palladium pantomime Aladdin and His Wonderful Lamp.The liner notes were written by Derek Johnson of the New Musical Express.
Side 1Me Oh My (Marvin, Welch, Bennett, Rostill)
Friends  (Marvin, Welch, Bennett, Rostill)Side 2Genie with the Light Brown Lamp  (Marvin, Welch, Bennett, Rostill)
Little Princess  (Marvin, Welch, Bennett, Rostill)
Hank Marvin – Lead Guitar,
Bruce Welch – Rhythm guitar
Brian Bennett – Drums
John Rostill – Bass guitar
Ceriomura is a genus of South American jumping spiders that was first described by Eugène Louis Simon in 1901.
As of June 2019 it contains four species, found in Peru, Argentina, Brazil, and Colombia:
Ceriomura casanare Galvis, 2017 – Colombia
Ceriomura cruenta (Peckham & Peckham, 1894) (type) – Brazil
Ceriomura damborskyae Rubio & Baigorria, 2016 – Argentina
Ceriomura perita (Peckham & Peckham, 1894) – Peru
Ceriomura at Salticidae: Diagnostic Drawings Library
A conc-tree  is a data-structure that stores element sequences, and provides amortized O(1) time append and prepend operations, O(log n) time insert and remove operations and O(log n) time concatenation. This data structure is particularly viable for functional task-parallel and data-parallel programming, and is relatively simple to implement compared to other data-structures with similar asymptotic complexity. Conc-trees were designed to improve efficiency of data-parallel operations that do not require sequential left-to-right iteration order, and improve constant factors in these operations by avoiding unnecessary copies of the data. Orthogonally, they are used to efficiently aggregate data in functional-style task-parallel algorithms, as an implementation of the conc-list data abstraction. Conc-list is a parallel programming counterpart to functional cons-lists, and was originally introduced by the Fortress language.
The basic conc-tree operation is concatenation. Conc-trees work on the following basic data-types:
The <> type represents inner nodes, and is pronounced conc, inspired by :: (the cons type) in functional lists, used for sequential programming.
Concatenation in O(log n) time then works by ensuring that the difference in levels (i.e. heights) between any two sibling trees is one or less, similar to invariants maintained in AVL trees. This invariant ensures that the height of the tree (length of the longest path from the root to some leaf) is always logarithmic in the number of elements in the tree. Concatenation is implemented as follows:
Amortized O(1) time appends (or prepends) are achieved by introducing a new inner node type called Append, and using it to encode a logarithmic-length list of conc-trees, strictly decreasing in height. Every Append node ap must satisfy the following invariants:
1. Level of ap.left.right is always strictly larger than the level of ap.right.
2. The tree ap.right never contains any Append nodes (i.e. it is in the normalized form, composed only from <>, Single and Empty).
With these invariants, appending is isomorphic to binary number addition—two adjacent trees of the same height can be linked on constant time, with at most a logarithmic number of carry operations. This is illustrated in the following figure, where an element is being appended to a conc-tree that corresponds to a binary number 11:
This binary number representation is similar to that of purely functional random access lists by Okasaki, with the difference that random access lists require all the trees to be complete binary trees, whereas conc-trees are more relaxed, and only require balanced trees. These more relaxed invariants allow conc-trees to retain logarithmic time concatenation, while random access lists allow only O(n) concatenation.
The following is an implementation of an append method that is worst-case O(log n) time and amortized O(1) time:
Conc-tree constructed this way never has more than O(log n) Append nodes, and can be converted back to the normalized form (one using only <>, Single and Empty nodes) in O(log n) time.
A detailed demonstration of these operations can be found in online resources, or in the original conc-tree paper. It was shown that these basic operations can be extended to support worst-case O(1) deque operations, while keeping the O(log n) concatenation time bound, at the cost of increasing the constant factors of all operations.
John Maringouin is an American film director.
His debut feature, Running Stumbled, received wide critical acclaim and was referred to by Variety as a "phantasmagoric filmmaking debut" Maringouin received a Spirit award nomination for the film.Maringouin's second feature, Big River Man,  is about endurance swimmer Martin Strel's 2007 attempt to swim the entire Amazon river.   The film won multiple 2009 documentary awards including the Cinematography Award at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival.  The film received almost unanimous critical praise and was described by The Times as "an absolute epic" It is distributed by Planet Green.In 2016, Maringouin won the Special Jury Award for Best Editing in Sundance's World Cinema Documentary Competition for his work on We Are X.Maringouin's 2018 film Ghostbox Cowboy premiered in the narrative competition at the 2018 Tribeca Film Festival. Arnav Srivastav of High on Films wrote "The premise of Ghostbox Cowboy involves an interesting phase in the creation of counter-cultures and trans-national relations in the 21st century".
Just Another Day in the Homeland (2004)
Running Stumbled (2006)
Big River Man (2009)
We Are X (2016) - cinematography and editing
Ghostbox Cowboy (2018)
John Maringouin at IMDb
Big River Man official site
Running Stumbled official site
https://www.variety.com/review/VE1117930784.html?categoryid=31&cs=1
https://web.archive.org/web/20091009100145/http://www.amctv.com/spiritawards.html
http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/film/film_reviews/article6818612.ece
http://planetgreen.discovery.com/tv/reel-impact/watch-big-river-man.html
Jan Gustav Salomon Smith, born 19 June 1895 in Stockholm, Sweden, died 30 April 1966 in Stockholm. In the literature he is known as Jan G. Smith. He was an engineer with a M.Sc. degree from KTH, Stockholm. For many years he worked in the American automobile industry and returned to Sweden in 1924. His experiences from the American automobile industry was probably the main reason why Gustav Larson asked him to join the team of engineers that started the design work for Volvo's first automobile, ÖV 4, in 1924. He worked for Gustav Larson in the temporary "design office" in Gustav Larsons private flat in Stockholm about a year. A lot of Jan G. Smith's original drawings for the Volvo ÖV4, the gearbox, the main chassis components and technical papers that he had collected in America in the form of a private design book, are saved in the archive of the National Museum of Science and Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. After the Volvo project he was employed by ASEA in Västerås and later worked for the same company in Stockholm. Jan was replaced in the Volvo project by engineer Henry Westerberg that stayed with Volvo as a designer until 1980 at the age of 79 when he was retired.
Jan G. Smith was awarded a gold medal in 1929 by the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA), together with Gustav Larson, "for their contribution to the national automobile industry in Sweden".
Title: Volvo Personvagnar från 20-tal till 80-tal, by Björn Eric Lindh, 1984. (Swedish language only). ISBN 91-86442-06-6
Title: Volvo Göteborg Sverige, by Christer Olsson, 1996. (Swedish language only). ISBN 3-907150-57-0
National Museum of Science and Technology, Sweden. Official website.
Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. Official website.
Charles Himrod (November 4, 1842 – January 26, 1920) was an American politician who served as mayor of Boise, Idaho Territory, in the 1860s and 1870s.
Himrod served three consecutive one-year terms despite being elected only in 1869 and 1870. The winner of the 1871 mayoral election, John Hailey, never took office. According to city records Himrod served that term as well.
Himrod returned as Boise mayor in 1878 to serve another one-year term.
Mayors of Boise - Past and Present
Idaho State Historical Society Reference Series, Corrected List of Mayors, 1867-1996
Midnight Sun is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note  label in 1960, but not released until 1980 and performed by Donaldson with Horace Parlan, George Tucker, Al Harewood, and Ray Barretto.
The album was awarded 3 stars in an Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine who states "Midnight Sun is as strong as any of the hard bop records Donaldson released in the early '60s. Part of the reason the quality is so high is the fact his supporting quartet is so strong... Any dedicated Donaldson fan should search for this record; even if it doesn't reach the heights of Blues Walk and Here 'Tis, it still has plenty of fine music.
All compositions by Lou Donaldson except as indicated"Candy" (Mack David, Alex Kramer, Joan Whitney) - 6:12
"Midnight Sun" (Sonny Burke, Lionel Hampton, Johnny Mercer) - 5:45
"Avalon" (Buddy DeSylva, Al Jolson, Vincent Rose) - 5:18
"The Squirrel" (Tadd Dameron) - 3:22
"Si Si Safronia" - 4:31
"Exactly Like You" (Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh) - 5:03
"Dog Walk" - 4:25
Lou Donaldson - alto saxophone
Horace Parlan - piano
George Tucker - bass
Al Harewood - drums
Ray Barretto - congas (tracks 1 & 3-7)
Belen is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
The Delta Upsilon Chapter House is a historic building located in Ames, Iowa, United States. It is considered one of the more imposing architectural examples among fraternity chapter houses at Iowa State University. It was designed by Des Moines architect Alexander M. Linn, who joined Delta Upsilon at what was then called Iowa State College. The fraternity's chapter house was on Hyland Avenue at that time. Linn, howevever, did not graduate from Iowa State as he transferred to the University of Illinois where he graduated with a degree in architectural engineering in 1923. Completed in 1930, the 2½-story, French Renaissance-style building features brick and half-timbering wall surfaces, and a complex roof system that includes steep pitches and polychrome slate. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Amarna letter EA 369 is a letter written from the pharaoh to Milkilu of Gezer. Some linguistic features of the letter indicate that the scribe also may have been of Gezer origin.
Saep is a Madang language spoken in Madang Province, Papua New Guinea.
Rosetta Project: Saep Swadesh list
Field research on the Saep language at SIL International
Season 1 of Fast N' Loud started on June 6, 2012, and ended on December 8, 2012, for a total of 14 episodes. Season 1 was filmed on location on Reeder Road in Dallas, Texas, in a shop building rented from Phipps Auto, which was also featured in the show. The Gas Monkey Garage crew worked in the back shop, while Rawlings brought Corvettes, Cadillacs, and other cars that were going to be "quick flips" to Dewaine Phipps to get them running again. Gas Monkey Garage also had an ongoing business relationship with Sue Martin, a successful Taiwanese immigrant, at ASM Auto Upholstery, a business that was literally within car-pushing distance of their shop. KC Mathieu, a long-time friend of Kaufman's and owner of KC's Paint Shop, is part of the regular GMG crew and the painter for Gas Monkey Garage. Another heavily featured member of the Gas Monkey Garage crew during Season 1 was Scot McMillan Jr., of Scot Rods Garage, who left at the end of Season 1 to work at his own shop. During Season 1, Rawlings also hired an office assistant named Christie Brimberry, who makes repeated appearances on the show.
Delphinium scopulorum, commonly known as Rocky Mountain larkspur, is a species of wildflower in the genus Delphinium, which belongs to the buttercup family, Ranunculaceae. It is native to the Southwestern United States and found predominantly in upper-elevation moist meadows.
D. scopulorum is a non-woody plant and has a perennial duration, indicating a yearly growth. The specific epithet scopulorum means "of the mountains".
Delphinium scopulorum is found in a floral region in the lower North America. It is specifically found in the states of New Mexico and Arizona.
Its growth habit is forb or herb. Its Native Status is L48 (N), with a National and Regional Wetland Indicator Status of (FAC) and 7(FAC), respectively.
The stems of Delphinium scopulorum are 50–120 cm in length and have a base that is reddish, puberulent, with midstems that are glabrous to subglabrous. The leaf blade is round to pentagonal (1.5-10 x 2x16 cm), and glabrous. The leaves are mostly on proximal which is 1/3 of stem and the petiole is around 15 cm long. The leaves are strongly lobed as well as divided palmately.
The flower is inflorescent, open and cylindric. The bracteoles range from 2–7 mm and are green and linear. The flower is 5-7 parted with cuneate divisions, toothed (3-7), and deeply lobed. It is raceme elongated and has a central segment of each division that is prominent. The sepals are light to dark violet-purple, glabrous, with lateral sepals pointing forward.  The upper petals are notched and purple tipped. The lower petal blades have covering stamens, sparse hairs and are centered below the junction of blade and claw. There are large spurs behind each flower.
The fruit is glabrous, around 4.5 times longer than wide and is around 16-20mm.
Seeds tend to be black to brown, rectangular to pyramidal and wing-margined.
It attracts hummingbirds and butterflies.
Delphinium scopulorum is heat tolerant and deer resistant. One must treat the mildew with dusting sulfur or mildew spray. It is recommended to cut spikes above foliage leaving the old stem of about one foot before the flowers fade out.
These plants are best grown under moist and cool soil. The best sun exposure is from full sun to partial shade. A spacing of 12-15" apart allows the seedheads to dry appropriately. Planting is recommended to be completed by mid-April.
Delphinium scopulorum seeds tend to sprout in 14–21 days and germinate in the dark. The seed needs oxygen to germinate; growing them incorrectly, such as growing when it is too wet or too deep, will result in inefficient germination. The recommended sowing depth for the seeds is 2 mm deep in a peaty seed mix.  Temperature conditions vary for these seeds (about 10 °C being optimal). Dormancy is caused in high temperature after two weeks of cold stratification.
According to the Canadian Department of Agriculture, this larkspur is considered poisonous to cattle located in areas of western prairies of Canada.  Since larkspur is common in high-elevation locations, many ranchers wait to move their cattle till the end of the summer due to a decrease in toxicity. Delphinium scopulorum is so toxic that death can in a few hours of ingestion. Death occurs due to neuromuscular blocking effects as well as cardiotoxic effects.
http://www.wnmu.edu/academic/nspages/gilaflora/delphinium_scopulorum.html
http://swbiodiversity.org/seinet/taxa/index.php?taxon=8330
http://calphotos.berkeley.edu/cgi/img_query?enlarge=6068+1631+0507+0064
http://www.sagebud.com/rocky-mountain-larkspur-delphinium-scopulorum/
https://web.archive.org/web/20111007042645/http://www.isrl.illinois.edu/~pheidorn/kmreiss/textproc/data/Species/link_s_Delphinium_scopulorum.html
https://books.google.com/books?id=UXaQat5icHUC&pg=PA197&lpg=PA197&dq=what+is+Delphinium+Scopulorum+used+for&source=bl&ots=R__340kIoL&sig=vSmByyCCaGdIptZ278KseOsL6hw&hl=en&ei=gsrTTZiECYTfgQeXgb0u&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CB0Q6AEwAA#v=onepage&q=what%20is%20Delphinium%20Scopulorum%20used%20for&f=false
https://books.google.com/books?id=90JJAAAAMAAJ&pg=PA401&dq=%22Delphinium+Scopulorum%22&hl=en&ei=q87TTbOLF5TfgQeCxNEu&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CDUQ6AEwAA#v=onepage&q=%22Delphinium%20Scopulorum%22&f=false
http://www.b-and-t-world-seeds.com/carth.asp?species=Delphinium%20scopulorum&sref=3767
Abrams, Leroy.(1944). Illustrated Flora of the Pacific States: Buckwheats to Kramerias (11). Stanford University Press.
Edward Woodall Naylor (February 9, 1867 – May 7, 1934) was an English organist and composer.
Naylor was born in Scarborough in 1867. His father, John Naylor, was organist of York Minster. He won a choral scholarship to Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he gained a BA in 1887. From 1888 to 1892 he studied at the Royal College of Music. After spending eight years as organist of London churches St. Michael's Church, Chester Square (1889) and St. Mary's Church, Kilburn (1896), Naylor returned to Cambridge in 1898, where he became both the assistant master at The Leys School and organist of Emmanuel College. Naylor lived in Cambridge until his death in 1934.
His most important compositions were for voices; his composition The Angelus, won the Ricordi prize for an English opera. His church music blends elements of 16th to 20th century music. Naylor was considered an authority on Shakespeare and music, and was an early exponent of greater musical authenticity.
His son, Bernard James Naylor (1907–1986) was the first composer (1948) living in Canada to employ post-tonal writing in choral music, and was one of the pioneers of a truly contemporary (post-tonal) English (Anglican) cathedral music in the mid-twentieth century.
Quintet
Piano Trio in D Minor.
Merlin and the Glen - A scena, performed at the Royal College of Music when he was a student.
Requiem, Pax Dei, influenced by Giuseppe Verdi and Charles Villiers Stanford, performed in Cambridge in 1913.
Arthur the King - a cantata aired at Harrogate in 1902.
The Angelus - "A romantic opera in a Prologue and four Acts", performed at Covent Garden in 1909, revived by the Carl Rosa Opera Company in 1921. Libretto by Wilfrid Thornely. Received a £500 prize "offered by Messrs. Ricordi & Co. for an original opera from the pen of a British-born composer".
A Hymn In Praise Of The Faith
Eastern Monarchs - motet.
I Will Cause The Shower - anthem for choir and organ.
Jubilate Deo in A - for choir and organ.
Jubilate Deo in A-flat - for male voices (TTBB) and organ.
Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis - for double choir, written in 1903.
Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis - for male voices (TTBB).
Postlude in E-flat Major - for organ.
Hear my prayer, O God (Psalm 55) - for choir and organ.
God Of Our Fathers, Known Of Old - recessional hymn, setting the text of Rudyard Kipling.
O Jerusalem, Look About Thee - anthem for choir and organ.
O Lord God to whom vengeance belongeth (Psalm 94) - for choir and organ.
Te Deum in A - for choir and organ.
Te Deum in E-flat - for unison voices and organ.
This Is The Month Tonic
Vox Dicentis - motet written in 1911.
We Have Heard With Our Ears - for choir and organ.
Final Responses - for festival and normal time.
The Merry Bells of Yule
The Charge of the Light Brigade
Variations in B Flat
Tokugawa  - Overture
Shakespeare and Music: With Illustrations from the Music of the 16th and 17th Centuries by Naylor, Edward W., New York: AMS Press, 1965.
The Poets and Music 1928.
An Elizabethan Virginal Book 1905.
Fuller, J. A., 'Edward Naylor', Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians Oxford University Press 2007
Free scores by Edward Naylor in the Choral Public Domain Library (ChoralWiki)
Works by Edward Woodall Naylor at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Edward Naylor at Internet Archive
Väinatamm is the name of the largest causeway in Estonia on the Estonian national road 10.  The causeway, opened in 1896, connects the island of Muhu, located between Saaremaa and the continent, with Saaremaa.  Construction of the causeway cut the sea crossing between the continent and Saaremaa by about half, and transit time even further. In 1917, the causeway was the site of heavy fighting during Operation Albion, as German bicycle troops attempted to cut off and encircle retreating Russian forces, while securing the route to Muhu.
Linnuse küla, a tourism info entry
Toby Fox (born October 11, 1991) is an American video game developer and composer. He is best known for developing the games Undertale and Deltarune. He has also composed music for the webcomic Homestuck, as well as for the video games Hiveswap, Escaped Chasm, Little Town Hero, Pokémon Sword and Shield and Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. He is also known online as FwugRadiation or as Toby "Radiation" Fox.
Toby Fox started composing a variety of music for Andrew Hussie's 2009 webcomic Homestuck during his senior year of high school. Though he did not initially respond when Hussie started a "Music Contribution Team" in April 2009 and put up a news post asking musicians to participate, Hussie took note of his work when Fox started uploading piano covers of the webcomic's music on the MS Paint Adventures forums. Fox has composed music for the 2017 Homestuck video game Hiveswap, Undertale artist Temmie Chang's short narrative game Escaped Chasm, and Game Freak's 2019 RPG Little Town Hero, the last of which was arranged by Pokémon composer Hitomi Sato. He also composed a track for Pokémon Sword and Shield and a vocal song for Itoki Hana's PRAY album.
Fox's most well-known work is the 2015 role-playing video game Undertale. The game sold more than 1 million copies, becoming a "breakout hit" and "pop-culture phenomenon". Fox worked on the entire game independently, besides the art assets—which he asked Temmie (Tuyoki) Chang to help with—to avoid relying on others. He had some experience in game development before Undertale, using RPG Maker 2000 with his three brothers to make role-playing games and EarthBound ROM hacks in high school, the most notable of which was Earthbound: The Halloween Hack. He thought of the character designs and ideas for Undertale while in college, where he drew them in his notebook.Following its release, Undertale garnered an extensive fanbase. Fox commented that he did not mind if people stated that they did not like the game, saying that it was "not for everyone". Despite Undertale's awards and widespread acclaim, Fox wrote that his personal opinion was that the game was still "niche" and deserved an "8/10" review score.In 2016, Fox released a number of unused musical tracks from Undertale. He also became a contributor to the A Profound Waste of Time magazine. Fox was then chosen to be part of the 2018 Games Forbes 30 Under 30 list for his role in creating Undertale.The success of Undertale, especially in Japan, afforded Fox the opportunity to visit Super Smash Bros. creator Masahiro Sakurai at his home, where they discussed the series and played Super Smash Bros. Ultimate against each other. Sans, a character from Undertale, was later included in Super Smash Bros. Ultimate as a Mii costume available through downloadable content, along with his instrumental composition "MEGALOVANIA", for which Fox provided a new arrangement.
On October 30, 2018, Fox tweeted a request for fans of Undertale to check the game's official Twitter account in 24 hours. The following day, Fox released the first chapter of the followup to Undertale, named Deltarune, for free under the guise of a "survey". On November 1, Fox shared more details regarding the game, including that the rest of the chapters were expected to release simultaneously, but work had not yet started, and there was no estimated timeframe for completion. Fox also stated that he had been working on the project since 2012, and that the idea for Undertale developed from Deltarune during production. On June 12, 2019, as only the first chapter of Deltarune had been playable for several months, Fox expressed on his Twitter account he had hope he would complete the rest of Deltarune, saying: "Slowly I'm writing and drawing it all out." He stated that he has written "about 50 songs past Chapter 1".
Fox suffers from chronic wrist and hand pain that regularly disables him from programming and composing. He is considering physical therapy or surgery to relieve this once the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided.
Bryan J. Sievers (born May 26, 1959) is an American farmer and politician.
Born in Davenport, Iowa, Sievers lived with his family in Stockton, Iowa. He graduated from Bennett High School. Sievers received his bachelor's degree from Iowa State University. Sievers lived in New Liberty, Iowa and was a farmer. Sievers served on the Bennett Community School Board. Sievers served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 2001 to 2003 and was a Republican. He then served in the Iowa State Senate from 2003 to 2005.
Daniel A. Shirley (born 13 April 1979) is a male badminton player from New Zealand.
Shirley competed in badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics in mixed doubles with partner Sara Petersen.  They defeated Philippe Bourret and Denyse Julien of Canada in the first round but lost to Jonas Rasmussen and Rikke Olsen of Denmark in the round of 16.
They also won a bronze medal at the 2005 IBF World Championships in mixed doubles.
Mixed doubles
Mixed doubles
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
Newcastle is a small seaside resort town in County Down, Northern Ireland, which had a population of 7,672 at the 2011 Census. It lies by the Irish Sea at the foot of Slieve Donard, the highest of the Mourne Mountains. Newcastle is known for its sandy beach, forests (Donard Forest and Tollymore Forest Park) and mountains. The town lies within the Newry, Mourne and Down District.
The town aims to promote itself as the "activity resort" for Northern Ireland.  It has benefited from a multi-million pound upgrade to the promenade and main street.  The town is twinned with New Ross, County Wexford, in the Republic of Ireland.
The name of the town is thought to derive from the castle built by Felix Magennis of the Magennis clan in 1588, which stood at the mouth of the Shimna River. This castle was demolished in 1830. The town is referred to as New Castle in the Annals of the Four Masters in 1433, so it is likely that he built on the site of an existing structure.The Montgomery Manuscripts record that Newcastle was besieged and later captured by Sir James Montgomery of the Ards in April 1642 in the aftermath of the 1641 Rebellion (pp. 128–134). Prior to 1641 the Castle belonged to the Magennis', but after the rebellion the property was confiscated and granted to Robert Hawkins, great grandfather to Robert Hawkins who assumed the surname of Magill. The date 1588 was inscribed on a stone placed over the front entrance of the Castle, built by Felix Magenis. Newcastle passed from the Magills to the Mathews, and subsequently to the Annesleys. In the late 1700s the Castle was modernised by the Matthews and then the Annesleys, and rented by the Board of Customs for the accommodation of revenue officers. Around 1830 the castle was demolished and the 'Annesley Arms Hotel' was constructed within the original castle compound. The 3rd Earl Annesley built a new 'marine residence', called 'Donard Lodge' on the lower mountain slope above the town (it was demolished in 1966). St. John's Church was also opened on 'The Rock' in 1832 to accommodate the visitors and growing population in Earl Annesley's developing seaside resort.
The Newcastle fishing disaster occurred on 13 January 1843 when boats from Newcastle and Annalong set out for the usual fishing stations, and were caught in a gale. 14 boats were lost in the heavy seas including a boat which had gone to the rescue. Only two boats survived, the Victoria and the Brothers. 73 men perished, 46 of whom were from Newcastle. They left twenty seven widows, one hundred and eighteen children, and twenty one dependants. A Public Subscription was raised and the cottages, known as Widows Row, were built for the widows and dependants. A local song about the disaster says "Newcastle town is one long street entirely stripped of men"In 1910 Harry Ferguson flew a small plane across Newcastle beach in one of the first engine powered flights by aircraft in Ireland. He completed the flight in an attempt to win a £100 prize offered by the town for the first powered flight along the strand. His first take off ended badly, but according to a modern newspaper report 'He flew a distance of almost three miles along the foreshore at a low altitude varying between fifty and five hundred feet'. This event is recorded by a plaque on the promenade.
The town's history is poorly recorded and is held mostly by local people and their stories of the past. Information on the town is available on signs throughout the forests and hills. The Mourne Mountains is the setting for many local myths and legends. There are stories of 'The Blue Lady', a woman abandoned by her husband whose ghost still haunts the mountains, and more recently the idea of a wild cat living in the Mournes. Many of the stories although have true origins are only folklore and give many of the towns attractions their names, such as Maggie's Leap being named after a local girl called Maggie, who leapt over the impressive chasm to her death while fleeing soldiers with a basket of eggs. Many other places in the Newcastle area get their names from other sources, 'The Brandy Pad', a path through the mountains, is named so because of the illegal brandy smuggling that took place through the area. Another example is Bogey Hill just above the harbour at the Southern end of the town, which is named after the carts that carried Mourne granite from the quarry on Thomas Mountain down to the harbour. In 1897, T.R.H. The Duke and Duchess of York (the future George V and Queen Mary), grandparents to Queen Elizabeth II, visited Newcastle to open the Slieve Donard Hotel. Afterwards they visited Hugh Annesley, 5th Earl Annesley at Castlewellan Castle.
A process of preserving the local history has begun since 2014 via a community Facebook page 'History of Newcastle, Co. Down'. Photographs and information on the area's history are being collected via the page, and a history of the town will be published. Greater historical detail about the town will be added to this page as part of this research process. It is hoped that this collective history will enhance the experience of both locals and tourists by promoting an informed historical appreciation for the area.
Newcastle was fortunate enough to escape the worst of the Troubles and its residents both Catholic and Protestant lived in relative peace with each other though there has been considerable objection to loyalist band parades in the town.
Newcastle is classified as a small town by the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency (NISRA) (i.e. with population between 4,500 and 10,000 people). As of the 2011 census there were 7,672 people living in Newcastle. Of these:
98% were white
70% belong to or were brought up in the Catholic faith and 24% belong to or were brought up in a 'Protestant and Other Christian (including Christian related)'faiths.
33% indicated that they had a British national identity, 36% had an Irish national identity and 36% had a Northern Irish national identity (respondents could indicate more than one national identity)
Newcastle is a popular seaside resort and attracts visitors from elsewhere in Northern Ireland and from abroad. In 2007 the new promenade won a number of National awards including a Civic Trust Award for Excellence in the Public Realm. In recent years the town has started a large Halloween festival, with a carnival-like atmosphere. The free event includes fireworks and a fancy dress competition. Crime Rate in Newcastle remains relatively low, although there is a stronger police presence during holiday times due to the increase in petty crimes.Newcastle is home to Northern Ireland's highest mountain, Slieve Donard, which is in the Mourne mountain range. Visitors come to walk in the Mourne Mountains, made famous by the song by Percy French. Another popular attraction in the town is Royal County Down Golf Club (venue for the 2007 Walker Cup and 2015 Irish Open), now recognised as the No.1 Golf course in the world, and is said to be one of Tiger Woods' favourite golf courses. The town is also known for Mourne Granite, which was quarried here for many years and shipped all round the world. It was used to make paving stones in many cities including London and New York. Mourne granite was used to make the base of the 9/11 memorial in New York.Since 2010 Newcastle has held an annual 'Festival of Flight' airshow which attracts upwards of 100,000 people to the event. The RAF Red Arrows are usually the star attraction of the show which is heavily supported by both the RAF and Irish Air Corps as well as the Irish Coast Guard. Many of the UK's top civilian air displays have also visited Newcastle on a regular basis.
The Mourne Mountains lie south of the town and the local area includes the Tollymore Forest Park and Donard Park. The Shimna River flows through Tollymore Park and enters the sea at Newcastle.
The Murlough Nature Reserve is situated between Dundrum and Newcastle. The rugged sand dunes and beach are National Trust property.
Slidderyford Dolmen is a neolithic portal tomb located near the entrance to Murlough Nature Reserve. It is composed of four stones, two granite and two slate.
Saint Patrick's Stream – in popular mythology, the Mourne Mountains was the site where Saint Patrick banished the 'snakes' from Ireland, and that in his first landings to Ireland he visited the Mournes and even converted the local hill folk to Christianity. The small stream is said to mark the boundary of the Kingdom of Mourne and legend has it that there is a rock in the stream with his hand print in it where he knelt down to drink the water.
Newcastle Harbour – In the 1820 Lord Annesley created a pier as a loading point for the famous Mourne granite.
The Bloody Bridge – The bridge and the Bloody Bridge River, were so named because of an incident during the 1641 Rebellion, during which a massacre of Protestants took place. The bridge is sometimes visited by tourists who go to see the 'Brandy Pad', called after the trade of illegal brandy which was smuggled down this route and from there onwards at the dead of night to Hilltown. The remains of an ancient church and the old bridge which once carried the coast road can still be seen.
Widows Row. A set of listed cottages just south of the harbour, built by public subscription after the Newcastle Fishing disaster of 1843.
There is one post-primary school in Newcastle, Shimna Integrated College, founded in 1994 as an all-ability, non-selective, 11-18 school. There are four primary schools. St. Mary's Primary School was formerly St. Mary's Boys Primary School and St. Mary's Girls Primary School. The school became mixed in September 2001 but remained split over the two sites, younger children at one and older children at the other until recent years. A new building, large enough to support all the students has since been built. All Children's Primary School was founded in 1986 and was the first primary school outside Belfast that was fully religiously integrated. The other two schools are Newcastle Primary School, founded in 1962, and St. Joseph's Primary School, founded in 1838. There is also a Technical College in the town.
Newcastle F.C. plays in the Northern Amateur Football League.
Newcastle Harbour is home to Newcastle Yacht Club who regularly sail and race in Dundrum Bay.
Bryansford GAC are the local GAA team.
Newcastle railway station began operating on 25 March 1869 and closed on 2 May 1955. The Belfast & County Down Railway Station and Clock Tower is a B1 listed, red brick building, built in 1905; It is currently a Lidl supermarket. The Great Northern Railway of Ireland Station Building is used by Ulsterbus, which runs buses to the Europa Buscentre next to Belfast Great Victoria Street railway station in Belfast, as well as other towns in the area.
The local newspaper is called The Mourne Observer.
Newcastle is located at the foot of the Mourne Mountains. It resides on the east coast of Northern Ireland. Newcastle can be found in County Down within the province of Ulster. Newcastle is built around the Shimna River. Newcastle, in relation to other settlements is situated 19 kilometers from Downpatrick and 51 kilometers from Belfast.
Poet and writer, Richard Rowley (1877–1947), lived in Newcastle in later life. During World War II he founded, and ran from his Newcastle home, the short-lived Mourne Press, which failed in 1942. The poet's Newcastle home, Brook Cottage, has been demolished. In Newcastle his name is remembered through the Rowley Meadows housing development and the Rowley Path, which runs along the southern boundary of the Islands Park.
Florence Balcombe, wife of writer Bram Stoker.
Eddie Polland, professional golfer, winner of four European Tour events.
Broadcaster Sean Rafferty spent his childhood in Newcastle.
Rigsy, broadcaster and popular DJ, was born in Newry but brought up in Newcastle, where his parents still live.
Simon Thornton, professional golfer.
Award-winning children's author Martin Waddell, although born in Belfast has lived most of life in the town.
List of RNLI stations
List of localities in Northern Ireland by population
The Lorain West Breakwater Light, also called the Lorain Harbor Light, is a lighthouse in Lorain, Ohio, United States. The light was built in 1917 on Lake Erie by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It was taken out of service in 1965 when it was replaced by an automated lighttower on a nearby breakwater. The light was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Oleszewski, Wes. Great Lakes Lighthouses, American and Canadian: A Comprehensive Directory/Guide to Great Lakes Lighthouses, (Gwinn, Michigan: Avery Color Studios, Inc., 1998) ISBN 0-932212-98-0.
U.S. Coast Guard. Historically Famous Lighthouses (Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office, 1957).
Wright, Larry and Wright, Patricia. Great Lakes Lighthouses Encyclopedia Hardback (Erin: Boston Mills Press, 2006) ISBN 1-55046-399-3
 Media related to Lorain lighthouse at Wikimedia Commons
Rowlett, Russ. "Lighthouses of the United States: Ohio". The Lighthouse Directory. University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
"Historic Light Station Information and Photography: Ohio". United States Coast Guard Historian's Office. Archived from the original on 1 May 2017.
Adeyinka Afolayan is a Nigerian Professor of Biochemistry and fellow of the Nigerian Academy of Science, elected into the Academy's Fellowship at its annual general meeting held in 2006.
Old Kentucky Chocolates
Old Kentucky Chocolates, LLC. is a chocolate retail store founded by Don Hurt, owned and operated by Julia Kirkpatrick and Bill Hurt on Southland Drive in Lexington, Kentucky.
Don Hurt came into the candy-making business while working as a cook in the army in the late 1950s. He eventually specialized in baking for large groups, which led to his success after he was dischargedAfter leaving the army he purchased his first bakery Magee's Bakery in Frankfort, Kentucky.  He started making candy in the back of his shop, starting with peanut brittle, eventually buying a chocolate-making machine when a local factory went out of business.
Don Hurt founded Old Kentucky Chocolates when he was 27, with a single store in 1964, and added two additional outlets - Lexington Center next to Rupp Arena, Hamburg Shopping Center, Lansdowne Shoppes, and Southland Drive.
Customers can choose from about 20 different varieties of chocolate, pulled creams, cakes and Derby mints; which are made with a formula Hurt purchased from Colonel Sanders of Kentucky Fried Chicken. Hurt came up with the idea of chocolate-covered potato chips, which did not succeed until he added salt. Now they are one of the store's most popular items, followed by chocolate covered strawberries and grapes. Old Kentucky only used Jim Beam Bourbon exclusively after Beam personally invited him on a tour of his distillery and asked him to use his bourbon. Old Kentucky sells its own products, and non-chocolate candies made by other companies, as well as gift sets and fundraising candy bars which he sells to schools and other various civic groups.
The Evangelical Theological Academy (Dutch: Evangelische Theologische Academie, ETA) is a Dutch interdenominational institute for evangelical theological education, in Zwijndrecht, Netherlands. The ETA was founded in 1985 by five theologically educated evangelical Christians, who were inspired by the growing demand for theological schooling through part-time or distance education.
The ETA training programs includes undergraduate (Bachelor of Theology) and graduate-level theological studies (Master) in the Dutch language. Their information shows 3 different program categories: Part-Time, Distance and Congregational (tailored to the needs of a specific church and/or denomination).On April 17, 2010 ETA celebrated their 25th anniversary in the town of Putten. The ETA celebrated their anniversary with a symposium about Christian spirituality. The school started with 1 course and is now able to offer 6 different special theological programs. Since September 2009 the ETA is providing training in 2 more cities: Alkmaar and Deventer, bringing the number of cities with an ETA training centre to 5: Zwijndrecht, Steenwijk, Rotterdam, Alkmaar and Deventer.
The school states upfront that the ETA is not accredited in the Netherlands. However, ETA students were able to receive credits under an agreement that was valid until 1 January 2010 when transferring to the Christelijke Hogeschool Ede, a biblically inspired vocational university that has national educational accreditation. Graduates of the ETA have found employment at various churches, schools and institutions.
Diploschizia tetratoma is a species of sedge moth in the genus Diploschizia. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Guyana.
Diploschizia tetratoma at ZipcodeZoo.com
Jean-Luc Montama (born 28 October 1956) is a French karateka who won a gold medal at the 1980 World Karate Championships at men's kumite+80 kg.
[1]
The Château de Morimont  (German: Moersberg) is a ruined castle in the Alsace region of France, situated in the commune of Oberlarg in the Haut-Rhin département. It is 40 km south-west of Mulhouse and 45 km west of the Swiss city Basel.
The first documented mention of the castle is from 1271 when the count of Ferrette made an oblation to the bishop of Basel.  It was occupied by, and takes its name from, the Morimont family, vassals of the Ferrettes and later the Habsburgs. A war with Basel and the Swiss led to the destruction of the castle some time between 1445 and 1468. It was rebuilt by the Morimonts in the 15th and 16th centuries with seven artillery towers. In 1582 they sold it to the counts of Ortenbourg Salamanque who kept it until the Thirty Years' War during which it was destroyed by French troops in 1637. In 1641, Louis XIV gave it and the manor to the Vignacourts, who stayed until the French Revolution.  It subsequently belonged to Jean Bruat, Aaron Meyer and, from 1870, the Viellard family.
Built on a rocky east-west crest, the castle dominates the route between Oberlag and Levoncourt.  It is constructed from Jurassic limestone with a lime mortar. The northern building, measuring 51 by 7.5 m (~170 by 25 ft) has an underground semi-circular vaulted cellar running the full length and the remains of two spiral staircases.  The southern building consists of a polygonal staircase tower as well as remains of pointed-arch vaulting and a fireplace.  The tower in the north west corner has oven-shaped vaulting. The southern artillery tower has three vaulted casemates: its cannon openings are set to fire horizontally, with one covering the entrance.  The north east tower, built in 1515 has been restored and the present entrance to the cellar through the curtain wall is not original.
The oldest part of the present castle — a U-shaped tower in the southern corner — dates from the 13th or 14th century. Referred to by most authors as a keep, it was built onto the bare rock and provided the first residential quarters. The south west Schlossturm Tower dates from the 15th century as do part of the west curtain wall and the south curtain wall. In the north, the great hall of 1552, on the probable site of the former lower courtyard, is flanked by two large artillery towers; the north east tower dated 1515 carries the arms of Hans Jacob de Morimont and his wife Margarete de Furtenberg. In the south, there was a second residence of which a staircase tower remains.  The castle entrance was defended by a low casemated tower and a barbican. In the middle of the west wall is a tower with wells.
The adaptation of the castle to artillery warfare was modern in conception but with little military value, the site being dominated from three sides by high ground.  Its Renaissance  form is particularly early for Alsace and is explained by the Morimonts' close links to France.
The castle was used as a quarry until its restoration by Quiquerez starting in 1864.
A 1361 document refers to a lower castle ("Bas Morimont") and a higher castle ("Haut Morimont"). The former is located at the present Morimont farm to the west. Very little remains; dated to perhaps the 12th or 13th century, it was destroyed by the 15th century at the latest and is not mentioned after 1423
The Château de Morimont and the neighbouring smaller castle ruins are listed, since 1841, by the French Ministry of Culture as historical monuments (monument historique).
List of castles in France
Base Mérimée: Château fort de Morimont, Ministère français de la Culture. (in French)
Base Mérimée: Ruines du château de Morimont, Ministère français de la Culture. (in French)
Quid.fr on  Morimont (in French)
Keshab is a village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.
Tageo
Tauriac is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Communes of the Tarn department
Glycomyces halotolerans is a bacterium from the genus of Glycomyces which has been isolated from soil from Lop Nur in China.
Habib Sissoko (born 24 May 1971) is a French-born Malian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Born in Juvisy-sur-Orge, Essonne, Sissoko joined Olympique Noisy-le-Sec in 1996, moving on to CS Louhans-Cuiseaux in the 1997 close season. He joined Preston North End in February 1998, making his league debut, as a second-half substitute for Kurt Nogan, in a 1–1 draw away to Wycombe Wanderers on 21 February 1998. He played seven times for North End before being released at the end of the season.
He joined Airdrieonians on trial in August 1998, scoring a late winner on his only appearance having come on as a 70th-minute substitute for Stuart Taylor in the home game against St Mirren on 22 August 1998.
In October 1998 he joined Portuguese side União Leiria joining Belgian side Cappelen in the 1999–2000 season. He was released at the end of the season and returned to England, joining Torquay United on trial, signing on a free transfer in July 2000. He was one of three French players to play for Torquay that season, the others being Jules Mendy and Khalid Chalqi.
His Torquay debut came on 12 August 2000, a 2–0 defeat away to Kidderminster Harriers, with his first goal coming two weeks later in a 3–2 win home to Blackpool. Despite a good start to his Plainmoor career, Sissoko struggled to establish himself in Torquay's struggling side. He was sacked by the club on 23 April 2001 after an angry reaction to being substituted in the defeat away to local rivals Plymouth Argyle.In July 2001, Sissoko signed for Parisian side Red Star 93.
He subsequently played for Nîmes Olympique before joining Stade Brestois 29 in 2003, immediately becoming embroiled in controversy. On leaving Nîmes he still had a three match suspension in place, but played in the first three games for Brest after his move, against AS Cannes, US Raon-l'Étape and Libourne-Saint-Seurin. Brest won all three games and the three clubs appealed. However, the French Football Federation rejected the appeal and allowed the results to stand, confirming Brest's promotion to League 2 instead of Cannes, who Sissoko subsequently joined in 2004.He was released at the end of the season and in October 2005 he looked set to sign for Belgian side Louvière until the end of the season, but it fell through. On 16 November 2005, he signed for FC Rouen. His contract with Rouen was terminated in March 2006, 'a victim of his bad temper'.
Habib Sissoko at L'Équipe Football (in French)
Myoporum mauritianum is a flowering plant in the figwort family Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to a few volcanic islands in the Indian Ocean. It is a small, low-branched shrub with serrated leaves and small white flowers and usually grows on calcarenite within 20 metres (70 ft) of the sea.
Myoporum mauritianum is a low shrub, usually growing to no more than 1 metre (3 ft). It has thick, lance-shaped leaves with serrated edges and are about 44–66 millimetres (2–3 in) long and 7.5–12 millimetres (0.3–0.5 in) wide.The flowers occur singly or in pairs in the axils of the leaves on a stalk 9–14.5 millimetres (0.4–0.6 in) long and there are 5 triangular sepals. The petals are white and form a tube 2.5–4 millimetres (0.1–0.2 in) long with the lobes spreading to about 2 millimetres (0.08 in). The fruit is a yellow, roughly spherical drupe.
Myoporum mauritianum was first formally described by botanist Alphonse de Candolle in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae in 1810. The specific epithet  mauitianum is the latinised form of Mauritius.
Myoporum mauritianum occurs on the island of Rodrigues in the Republic of Mauritius where there are a few individual plants. Larger populations are found on a few smaller islands near Rodrigues but the species is thought to be extinct on Mauritius, where the type specimen was found.
Myoporum mauritianum was listed as "endangered" on Rodrigues  and extinct on Mauritius in the 1997 IUCN Red List of Threatened Plants. It has not yet been assessed for the 2014-2015 version.
Lavinia is a genus of cyprinid fish consisting of one or two species native to western North America.
While there is little doubt as to the membership of the hitch (L. exilicauda), the position of the closely related California roach is less clear. While FishBase, ITIS, and Taxonomicon all record it as Hesperoleucus symmetricus (and is the treatment taken here), Moyle observes hybrids of the two species are fertile, the genetic relationship is also close, and the older genus Lavinia should take precedence.
The origin of the genus name is the mythological Lavinia, although the rationale is unclear.
Valid species list of genus Lavinia on FishBase.
"Lavinia". Integrated Taxonomic Information System. Retrieved 6 June 2006.
Peter B. Moyle, Inland Fishes of California (University of California Press, 2002), pp. 141
Froese, Rainer and Pauly, Daniel, eds. (2006). Species of Lavinia in FishBase. February 2006 version.
Sampur Soodaikudah archaeological site is a historic site with archaeological evidences, situated in Mathalamalai mountain, Sampur, Sri Lanka. The site was discovered by a group of archaeologists, during an archaeological excavation done in the Sampur area in December 2017. However the ruins, including an old Stupa were completely destroyed and flattened out by a group of vandals on 18 December, few days after the discovery.
During the Sri Lankan civil war, many of the archaeological sites in the North and Eastern provinces of Sri Lanka were not properly investigated or recorded as the prevailed threats from the LTTE rebel group. After the defeat of LTTE in 2009, the archaeology department carried out several projects across the North & Eastern provinces to investigate and identify the places with archaeological evidences and the some of places were finally declared as archaeologically protected reserves and monuments. As the instructions given by Akila Viraj Kariyawasam, a similar project was started after the 2015 to investigate the unknown archaeological sites in the Eastern province of the country. In December 2017, as a part of the project a group of archaeologists unearthed a dilapidated Stupa during an excavation done in a Hindu temple premises in Soodaikudah in Sampur. According to the initial evaluations done by the archaeologists, the Stupa is a construction of early Anuradhapura period (377 BC to 1017 AD) with a girth of 15 feet.
The ruins of the stupa were found on land which is used by a recently built Hindu shrine. The local people in Soodaikudah are said to be displaced in 2006 along with Muttur people and had been resettling around the area from 2013. The Hindu shrine, constructed near to the stupa mound, was officially registered in 2014.
A few days after the identification, the Stupa mound had been cleared completely by a group of people using a bulldozer before the Department declared it as an archaeologically and historically important site. The destruction was first revealed by police who conducted investigations following a tip-off given on the police hotline. The incident was reported to the authorities including the Secretary to the President and the Eastern Province Governor by the chief monk of Seruvila Mangala Raja Maha Vihara. A police investigation was started following the incident and meanwhile a court order was issued by the Muttur magistrate, suspending all rehabilitation works on the Hindu temple.On 23 December, the speaker Karu Jayasuriya revealed that the people who destroyed the Soodaikudah Stupa in Sampur has been identified. A few days after the statement, three people were arrested with a bulldozer and a lorry which were used to destroy the Stupa. The bulldozer had been brought to the Hindu shrine to dig a drinking well around 100 metres away from the Kovil but they had used the vehicle to destroy the Stupa. Local media reported that the two drivers involved in the destruction of the Stupa had met with accidents at different places on the same day.On 29 December the Department of Archaeology announced that they will take over the entire land area, where the Sudaikuda Stupa was located for further preservation. In January police arrested three senior members of the Hindu temple board who had connected with the incident.
Sagama Seya
Mottagala Gamini Tissa Monastery
Packet loss occurs when one or more packets of data travelling across a computer network fail to reach their destination. Packet loss is either caused by errors in data transmission, typically across wireless networks, or network congestion. Packet loss is measured as a percentage of packets lost with respect to packets sent.
The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) detects packet loss and performs retransmissions to ensure reliable messaging. Packet loss in a TCP connection is also used to avoid congestion and thus produces an intentionally reduced throughput for the connection.
In real-time applications like streaming media or online game, packet loss can affect a user's quality of experience (QoE).
The Internet Protocol (IP) is designed according to the end-to-end principle as a best-effort delivery service, with the intention of keeping the logic routers must implement as simple as possible. If the network made reliable delivery guarantees on its own, that would require store and forward infrastructure, where each router devoted a significant amount of storage space to packets while it waited to verify that the next node properly received it. A reliable network would not be able to maintain its delivery guarantees in the event of a router failure. Reliability is also not needed for all applications. For example, with live streaming media, it is more important to deliver recent packets quickly than to ensure that stale packets are eventually delivered. An application or user may also decide to retry an operation that is taking a long time, in which case another set of packets will be added to the burden of delivering the original set. Such a network might also need a command and control protocol for congestion management, adding even more complexity.
To avoid all of these problems, the Internet Protocol allows for routers to simply drop packets if the router or a network segment is too busy to deliver the data in a timely fashion. This is not ideal for speedy and efficient transmission of data, and is not expected to happen in an uncongested network. Dropping of packets acts as an implicit signal that the network is congested, and may cause senders to reduce the amount of bandwidth consumed, or attempt to find another path. For example, using perceived packet loss as feedback to discover congestion, the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is designed so that excessive packet loss will cause the sender to throttle back and stop flooding the bottleneck point with data.Packets may also be dropped if the IPv4 header checksum or the Ethernet frame check sequence indicates the packet has been corrupted. Packet loss can also be caused by a packet drop attack.
Wireless networks are susceptible to a number of factors that can corrupt or lose packets in transit, such as radio frequency interference (RFI), radio signals that are too weak due to distance or multi-path fading, faulty networking hardware, or faulty network drivers.
Wi-Fi is inherently unreliable and even when two identical Wi-Fi receivers are placed within close proximity of each other, they do not exhibit similar patterns of packet loss, as one might expect.Cellular networks can experience packet loss caused by, "high bit error rate (BER), unstable channel characteristics, and user mobility." TCP's intentional throttling behavior prevents wireless networks from performing near their theoretical potential transfer rates because unmodified TCP treats all dropped packets as if they were caused by network congestion, and so may throttle wireless networks even when they aren't actually congested.
Network congestion is a cause of packet loss that can affect all types of networks. When content arrives for a sustained period at a given router or network segment at a rate greater than it is possible to send through, there is no other option than to drop packets. If a single router or link is constraining the capacity of the complete travel path or of network travel in general, it is known as a bottleneck. In some cases, packets are intentionally dropped by routing routines, or through network dissuasion technique for operational management purposes.
Packet loss directly reduces throughput for a given sender as some sent data is never received and can't be counted as throughput. Packet loss indirectly reduces throughput as some transport layer protocols interpret loss as an indication of congestion and adjust their transmission rate to avoid congestive collapse.
When reliable delivery is necessary, packet loss increases latency due to additional time needed for retransmission. Assuming no retransmission, packets experiencing the worst delays might be preferentially dropped (depending on the queuing discipline used), resulting in lower latency overall.
Packet loss may be measured as frame loss rate defined as the percentage of frames that should have been forwarded by a network but were not.
Packet loss is closely associated with quality of service considerations. The amount of packet loss that is acceptable depends on the type of data being sent. For example, for voice over IP traffic, one commentator reckoned that "[m]issing one or two packets every now and then will not affect the quality of the conversation. Losses between 5% and 10% of the total packet stream will affect the quality significantly." Another described less than 1% packet loss as "good" for streaming audio or video, and 1-2.5% as "acceptable".
Packet loss is detected by reliable protocols such as TCP. Reliable protocols react to packet loss automatically, so when a person such as a network administrator needs to detect and diagnose packet loss, they typically use status information from network equipment or purpose-built tools. 
The Internet Control Message Protocol provides an echo functionality, where a special packet is transmitted that always produces a reply. Tools such as ping, traceroute, and MTR use this protocol to provide a visual representation of the path packets are taking, and to measure packet loss at each hop.Many routers have status pages or logs, where the owner can find the number or percentage of packets dropped over a particular period.
Per the end-to-end principle, the Internet Protocol leaves responsibility for packet recovery through the retransmission of dropped packets to the endpoints - the computers sending and receiving the data. They are in the best position to decide whether retransmission is necessary because the application sending the data should know whether a message is best retransmitted in whole or in part, whether or not the need to send the message has passed, and how to control the amount of bandwidth consumed to account for any congestion.
Network transport protocols such as TCP provide endpoints with an easy way to ensure reliable delivery of packets so that individual applications don't need to implement the logic for this themselves. In the event of packet loss, the receiver asks for retransmission or the sender automatically resends any segments that have not been acknowledged. Although TCP can recover from packet loss, retransmitting missing packets reduces the throughput of the connection as receivers wait for retransmissions and additional bandwidth is consumed by them. In certain variants of TCP, if a transmitted packet is lost, it will be re-sent along with every packet that had already been sent after it.
Protocols such as User Datagram Protocol (UDP) provide no recovery for lost packets. Applications that use UDP are expected to implement their own mechanisms for handling packet loss, if needed.
There are many queuing disciplines used for determining which packets to drop. Most basic networking equipment will use FIFO queuing for packets waiting to go through the bottleneck and they will drop the packet if the queue is full at the time the packet is received. This type of packet dropping is called tail drop. Other full queue mechanisms include random early drop or weighted random early drop. Dropping packets is undesirable as the packet is either lost or must be retransmitted and this can impact real-time throughput; however, increasing the buffer size can lead to bufferbloat which has its own impact on latency and jitter during congestion.
In cases where quality of service is rate limiting a connection, e.g., using a leaky bucket algorithm, packets may be intentionally dropped in order to slow down specific services to ensure available bandwidth for other services marked with higher importance. For this reason, packet loss is not necessarily an indication of poor connection reliability or signs of a bandwidth bottleneck.
Bit slip
Collision (telecommunications)
Goodput
Packet loss concealment
Traffic shaping
Junaluska (Cherokee: Tsunu’lahun’ski) (c.1775 – October 20, 1868), was a leader of Cherokee who resided in towns in western North Carolina in the early 19th century. He fought alongside Andrew Jackson, and saved his life, at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend during the War of 1812/Creek War. Reportedly later in life, he regretted having done so.
Although he was removed with most Cherokee on the Trail of Tears, Junaluska returned to North Carolina in the late 1840s. The state legislature granted him citizenship and some land near present-day Robbinsville. He was among the Cherokee who lived in North Carolina from the 19th century, and were ancestors to the federally recognized tribe of Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. This group organized in the 20th century.
Junaluska was born around 1775, approximately 15 miles (24 km) south of Franklin, North Carolina near present-day Dillard, Georgia.  A few days after his birth, the cradle-board holding him fell over. He was called Gu-Ka-Las-Ki or Gulkalaski in the Cherokee language, meaning "one who falls from a leaning position".
Later as an adult, after an unsuccessful military venture, he was named Tsu-Na-La-Hun-Ski or Tsunulahunski ("one who tries but fails"). Junaluska described this warfare events by the term, Detsinulahungu (meaning "I tried, but could not").
Oral tradition has it that Junaluska met with Tecumseh in Soco Gap in 1811. This has not been verified. Junaluska is known to have informed Tecumseh that the Cherokee in his region would not join an Indian confederacy against the European-American settlers.
In 1813, when the Cherokee raised up 636 men against the Red Stick faction of the Creek Indians in Alabama, Junaluska personally recruited over a hundred men to fight at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The Cherokee unit was incorporated into the combined Creek-Cherokee-Yuchi-Choctaw army under the command of Brig. General William McIntosh, a "friendly" Creek from Georgia.  Junaluska's actions turned the tide when he swam the Tallapoosa River, retrieving Redstick canoes in order to ferry the Cherokee to the rear of the Creek.  He is also credited with saving Andrew Jackson's life during this battle.
According to the provisions of an 1819 treaty with the United States, Junaluska applied for 640 acres (2.6 km2) of land at Sugar Creek near Franklin, North Carolina. When his land was usurped by white settlers, he moved to the remaining portion of the Cherokee Nation.
Jackson reportedly met with Junaluska regarding the Indian Removal Act, but the president said, "Sir, your audience is ended. There is nothing I can do for you."During the infamous Trail of Tears in 1838, Junaluska and many other Cherokee people were incarcerated and held in nearby stockades prior to the march. Fort Montgomery was located near present day Robbinsville, North Carolina. From this stockade, Junaluska and thousands of other Cherokee were forced to walk overland to the Indian Territory, in present-day eastern Oklahoma. Junaluska was assigned to a detachment led by Jesse Bushyhead.
About seven weeks into the journey, Junaluska and approximately 50 other Cherokee escaped. He and his band were soon captured and returned to the journey. After several years, Junaluska returned to North Carolina on foot. In 1847, after a plea by Col. William Holland Thomas, a white man who had been adopted into the Cherokee tribe, the state legislature rewarded Junalaska for his service. It granted him state citizenship and land near present-day Robbinsville, North Carolina.
Junaluska married Ni-suh and had three children, boys Jim-my and Sic-que-yuh, and daughter Na-lih.
Junaluska died October 20, 1868, and was buried in Robbinsville. His grave was originally marked, in traditional Cherokee style, with a pile of stones. In 1910 the General Joseph Winston Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution (Winston-Salem) erected a monument at his grave site.  A museum and memorial in his honor have also been established in Robbinsville in the 20th century.
Numerous places and physical features have been named for this leader: Lake Junaluska, Junaluska Creek, Junaluska Gap, Junaluska Ridge, the Junaluska Salamander, and Mount Junaluska (now known as North Eaglenest Mountain).A giant sculpture was installed honoring him, along the Trail of the Whispering Giants in Metro-Kiwanis Park in Johnson City, Tennessee.During the American Civil War, the Confederate States Navy named one of its ships, the CSS Junaluska for him. It had persuaded most of the Cherokee and other nations of the Five Civilized Tribes in Indian Territory to become allies of the Confederacy. The tribes were highly decentralized, and not all people agreed to this. The CSA leaders promised the Native Americans to give them their own state if they were successful in the war.
 This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the Naval History and Heritage Command. The entry may be found here
Picture & info Georgia Tribe of Eastern Cherokee page
Junaluska at Find a Grave
1916 book about Junaluska
Micobie (also: Maicobi and Cassava Hill) is a village in Potaro-Siparuni, Guyana, on the right bank of the Potaro River near Tumatumari.
The village was established in the 19th century. During the construction of the Denham Suspension Bridge, workers of the bridge bought their bread from the village, hence the name Cassava Hill. Most villagers used to live near Tumatumari, however due to the mining operations and the destruction of the beach, the villagers moved uphill in the 1970s.In the Official Gazette of Guyana the village was misspelt Micobie which is the current name. The village of El Paso is a satellite of Micobie located down the hill.
The population of the village is 360 as 2012 including El Paso. The inhabitants are Amerindians including members of the Macushi, Carib and Patamona tribes, who have maintained much of their culture without any racial integration.
Micobie is managed by a Village Captain, a Vice Captain and six councilors.
The main economic activities are subsistence farming and the production of legumes for sale in neighbouring communities.
The village has two shops and a primary school.
Access to the village is via the Potaro River, or via the road from Linden/Mabura and Bartica/Potaro.
James "Iron Head" Baker and Moses "Clear Rock" Platt were African American traditional folk singers imprisoned in the Central State Prison Farm in Sugar Land, Texas. They are notable for a number of field recordings of work songs and other material made by John Lomax for the Library of Congress Archive of American Folk Music in the 1930s.
A number of the recordings have been reissued on 78 rpm, on LP and on CD by the Library of Congress and other record labels.
Iron Head and Clear Rock were the first two convicts that Lomax was permitted to record in July 1933, having been refused entry at Huntsville Penitentiary. They each performed solo, but responded to and encouraged one another, thus giving Lomax an overview of the idiom and a number of songs to seek out in future collecting. John's son Alan Lomax who assisted him, described the first 1933 session as a collaborative effort.
"We wrote down and recorded the songs of Clear Rock and Iron Head for a day and a night, and Clear Rock was still indefatigitably improvising. Those two wore us out."
John Lomax devoted a chapter to the two singers in his autobiographical Adventures of a Ballad Hunter.
James Baker was his prison name. He was generally referred to by his nickname Iron Head. His real name may have Reuben Avery Burrage. When first recorded by the Lomaxes in July 1933 he was sixty-three years old and in his sixth term in the penitentiary. John Lomax, attempting to depict Iron Head's dialect, quotes him proudly claiming to be (in language then acceptable): "De roughest nigger what ever walked de streets of Dallas. In de pen off an' on fo' thirty fo' years. .. I'se a H.B.C. — habitual criminal, you know. Not even Ma Ferguson can pardon me" (a reference to the then Governor of Texas). In reality he was a minor criminal, guilty of nothing more violent than burglary, but sentenced to ninety-nine years as a repeat offender. Iron Head was a trusty with a measure of responsibility and control over other prisoners. He was initially reluctant to sing a sad song because it might make him want to run away and lose his "easy job".The Lomaxes' appreciation for Iron Head is summarised by Alan's biographer John Szwed: [His] "deep knowledge of songs led John to dub him a black Homer. Baker lived his songs, feeling their emotions viscerally".John Lomax developed an affection for Iron Head, visiting him when in Texas and sending small gifts of money. Iron Head showed his gratitude with a hand-made gift for Ruby Terrill Lomax, John's second wife, and a card for Christmas 1935. This prompted Lomax to arrange for Iron Head to be paroled so that he could assist Lomax in his collecting sessions in other Southern prisons. This was the role fulfilled the previous year by Lead Belly, except that Iron Head was unable to act as chauffeur. At the end of the engagement, Iron Head was to be set up in business exploiting the handicraft skills he had learned in the penitentiary. The Lead Belly partnership had ended in bitter dispute, and the break-up with Iron Head was initially as heated with Iron Head feeling betrayed and Lomax feeling that Iron Head was irredeemable and ungrateful. On his return to Texas, Iron Head was met by Alan Lomax and helped to find work by Ruby Lomax. Within a year, he was caught burglaring again and returned to prison. The break with Lomax was not permanent. In a letter written in 1941 to his son Alan, John quoted Iron Head as telling him "Crime don't pay. I'm walking the straight road now and won't turn back."
Moses Platt was his prison name. His real name, if different, is unknown. He was generally referred to by his nickname Clear Rock. He told the Lomaxes that he was given the name because he killed three people by throwing rocks at them. For that he was given a life sentence but he "got pardoned out". But then he "took up with" a young woman he described as "a li'l yeller gal" ignorant, he claimed, that she was in fact only fourteen years old. Denounced by enemies, he was recalled to serve his life sentence. When first recorded in 1933 he was seventy-one years old, having spent forty-seven years in Texas prisons. Like Iron Head he proudly described himself as "a habitual". Clear Rock was later pardoned by Governor Ferguson. According to John Lomax, this was after singing Long John to her when she visited his convict camp. According to Clear Rock (in Lomax's spelling):
 "One day some of my friends in Taylor heard that Miz Ferguson wuz goin' down to Central Farm a visitin' and they sent a car down there with a letter signed by 30,000 peoples, they wuz de names of all de prominent lawyers an' officers and all other whichocrats around `Taylor, an Miz Ferguso set me free." 
To this, Lomax added "The population of Taylor is less than 5,000."The Lomax's appreciation for Clear Rock is summarised by Szwed: [He] "seemed to possess an endless body of songs. He also was something of a folklorists dream as he knew any number of individual songs, and was able to make up several new ones on the spot. He never sang the same song twice.''"Alan Lomax was particularly excited by Clear Rock's performance of Bobby Allen (Barbara Allen) which incorporated elements from different textual traditions and different traditional ballads, and by his extended version of the cowboy song of The Old Chisholm Trail. His extempore verses ended in Alan Lomax'x account
"... with the cowboy pitched off his pinto and lying hung in a mesquite tree. 
"Clear Rock, you left that cowboy in a very uncomfortable position, sprawled across that limb."''Lemme git him down, Boss. Lemme git him down," he said eagerly."Cowboy lyin' on a limb a sprawlin'
Come a little win', and down he come a falliin'With a bum-ti-hiddle-um-a yeah, yum-a-yeah
With a bum-ti-hiddle-um-a-yeah"
Most of their songs are unreleased. This is a list of their songs issued in collections, in order of publication.
Library of Congress AFS L3: Afro-American Spirituals, Work Songs, And Ballads (1942)78 rpm album, later reissued on LP and CD
Library of Congress AFS L4: Afro-American Blues And Game Songs (1942)78 rpm album, later reissued on LP and CD
Library of Congress AFS L8 Negro Work Songs And Calls (1943)78 rpm album, later reissued on LP and CD (These titles were previously released as 78rpm AAFS 38)
Library of Congress AAFS L54: Versions and variants of Barbara Allen (1964)
LP
Document Records: Field Recordings Vol 6 Texas (1997)
CD
Document Records: Field Recordings Vol 13 Texas Louisiana Arkansas Mississippi Florida Alabama Georgia Tennessee South Carolona Delaware (1997)
CD
Deep River Of Song: Black Texicans - Balladeers and Songsters of the Texas Frontier (1999)
CD
Deep River Of Song: Big Brazos - Texas Prison Recordings, 1933 and 1934 (2000)
CD
WVU Press Sound Archive Volume Nine: Jail House Bound — John Lomax's First Southern Prison recordings, 1933 (2012)
CD
CD
Multi Emulator Super System (MESS) is an emulator for various consoles and computer systems, based on the MAME core. It used to be a standalone program (which has since been discontinued), but is now integrated into MAME (which is actively developed). MESS emulates portable and console gaming systems, computer platforms, and calculators. The project strives for accuracy and portability and therefore is not always the fastest emulator for any one particular system. Its accuracy makes it also useful for homebrew game development.As of April 2015 MESS supported 994 unique systems with 2,106 total system variations. However, not all of the systems in MESS are functional; some are marked as non-working or are in development. MESS was first released in 1998 and has been under constant development since.
MAME and MESS were once separate applications, but were later developed and released together from a single source repository. MAMEDEV member David Haywood maintained and distributed UME (Universal Machine Emulator) which combined much of the functionality of MAME and MESS in a single application. On May 27, 2015, MESS was formally integrated with MAME and became a part of MAME.
MESS was distributed under the MAME Licence, which allowed for the redistribution of binary files and source code, either modified or unmodified, but disallowed selling MESS or using it commercially. The license is similar to other copyleft licenses in requiring that rights and obligations provided in the license must be remain intact when MESS or derivative works are distributed.
In addition to the MESS Licence, The MESS Team required that: "MESS must be distributed only in the original archives. You are not allowed to distribute a modified version, nor to remove and/or add files to the archive. Adding one text file to advertise your web site is tolerated only if your site contributes original material to the emulation scene." The MAME license required source code be included with versions of MESS that are modified from the original source, while the MESS legal page states that when distributing binary files "you should also distribute the source code. If you can't do that, you must provide a pointer to a place where the source can be obtained."
While MESS was available in both binary and source code forms, the restrictions on commercial exploitation cause it to fall outside of the Free Software Foundation's definition of free software. Similarly MESS was not considered to be open source software if appraised according to the criteria of the Open Source Definition.
Generally the emulation only includes raw hardware logic, such as for the CPU and RAM, and specialized DSPs such as tone generators or video sprites. The MESS emulator does not include any programming code stored in ROM chips from the emulated computer, since this may be copyrighted software.
Obtaining the ROM data by oneself directly from the hardware being emulated can be extremely difficult, technical, and expensive, since it may require desoldering of integrated circuit chips from the circuit board of the device they own. The desoldered IC is placed into a chip reader device connected to a USB or serial port of another computer, with pin sockets on the reader specifically designed to match the chip package shape in question, to perform a memory dump of the ROM to a data file.
Removal of a soldered chip is often far easier than reinstalling it, especially for extremely small surface mount technology chips, and the emulated device in question may be effectively destroyed beyond recovery after the ROM has been removed for reading.
However, if one has a working system, it may be far easier to dump the ROM data to tape, disk, etc. and transfer the data file to one's target machine.
In 2013 the Internet Archive began to provide abandonware games browser-playable via JSMESS (a JavaScript port of the MESS emulator), for instance, the Atari 2600 game E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial.
List of computer system emulators
List of video game emulators
Official website
MESS User Manual
JSMESS
Historical Software at Internet Archive
Arcade Database Database containing details of any game supported by Mame/Mess, including past versions. There are images, videos, programs for downloading extra files, advanced searches, graphics and many other resources.
The Round Oak Steelworks was an important steel production plant in Brierley Hill, West Midlands (formerly Staffordshire), England. It was founded in 1857 by Lord Ward, who later became, in 1860, The 1st Earl of Dudley, as an outlet for pig iron made in the nearby blast furnaces. During the Industrial Revolution, the majority of iron-making in the world was carried out within 32 kilometres of Round Oak. For the first decades of operation, the works produced wrought iron. However in the 1890s, steelmaking was introduced. At its peak, thousands of people were employed at the works. The steelworks was the first in the United Kingdom to be converted to natural gas, which was supplied from the North Sea. The works were nationalized in 1951, privatized in 1953 and nationalized again in 1967 although the private firm Tube Investments continued to part manage the operations at the site. The steelworks closed in December 1982.
The Ward family, Lords of Dudley Castle, came to own and control a wide range of industrial concerns in the Black Country of the nineteenth century. The family owned land in the region as well as extensive mineral rights. In 1855, the Dudley Estate commenced the construction of the Round Oak Iron Works at Brierley Hill under the supervision of the estate's mineral agent, Richard Smith. The site was next to the Dudley Canal and two railway systems: the public railway run by the Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway and the Pensnett Railway, a mineral line owned by the Dudley Estate itself. Also nearby were the Level New Furnaces (also known as the New Level Furnaces) where blast furnaces, owned by the Dudley Estate could supply pig iron for the new iron works at Round Oak. The iron works commenced production in 1857. It was a large-scale operation: on its opening it employed 600 men, and the equipment included 28 puddling furnaces and five mills. In 1862, the works won a Prize Medal at the International Exhibition.  The works were extended between 1865 and 1868, and were then capable of producing 550 tons of finished iron per week.In 1889, the company started producing chains and ships' cables.
Demand for iron began to fall from the 1870s as steel production began to compete with traditional iron products, and it was decided to convert the plant to steel production. In 1890, the Dudley Estate sold the iron works to a new public company, which would aim to convert to steel production. The price of the works was set at £110,000 pounds of which £10,000 was paid in cash and the remainder by a mortgage provided by the Dudley estate itself.  The company passed to the Lancashire Trust and Mortgage Insurance Corporation Limited, which floated the shares in the firm to the public, receiving £135,000. The new company was called the Earl of Dudley's Round Oak Iron and Steel Works and was incorporated on 16 April 1891. The chairman of the new company was Mr Richard Dalgleish and the managing director was Mr R. Smith Casson. Steel was first produced in August 1894. However, the company had run into financial difficulty and on 26 November 1894, the company went into liquidation, resulting in repossession by the Dudley Estate. A new company, The Earl of Dudley's Round Oak Works Ltd, was established on 15 July 1897 under the ownership of the Dudley family. The chairman of the new company was The 2nd Earl of Dudley, and the managing director was George Hatton.The steel plant, built next to the ironworks, included three 17-ton furnaces of the open-hearth type, a 30 inch cogging mill and a 28 inch finishing mill.
In 1904, the works were described as consisting of: "iron works for the manufacture of high-class bar iron ; chain works for the manufacture of chain ; and steel works for the manufacture of Siemens-Martin steel in bars of every variety of section". It was also stated that the steelworks "comprise five large open-hearth-steel melting furnaces, standing in a shop 350 ft. long by 90 ft. wide." The Bertrand-Thiel process of making steel was being used at the works.
The works prospered until just after the First World War when the firm faced a financial crisis due to a national depression combined with weaknesses at the plant itself It was the Earl's son, the then Viscount Ednam, who tackled the problems by taking specialist financial advice. In 1923, a new board of directors was constituted.
In 1927, it was reported that the equipment at the plant included a 90-ton tilting furnace, two 50-ton and three 40-ton fixed open-hearth furnaces, in addition to a  30-inch cogging mill and a 28-inch finishing mill.The company's name was changed to Round Oak Steel Works Limited on 14 December 1936.At the end of the Second World War, it was found necessary to carry out a modernisation of the plant, which cost over £4,000,000, the financing coming from the Finance Corporation for Industry Limited.
The works were nationalised by the British Government in 1951, but were sold to Tube Investments in 1953. Tube Investments paid £1.4 million and took responsibility for the repayment of loans totaling £4.2million. The chairman of Tube Investments, Ivan Stedeford, took over as chairman of Round Oak Steel Works.Steel was produced at the works using basic electric arc and open hearth methods. Principal products included alloy and carbon steel bars (case hardening, bright drawing, free cutting, machining, hot and cold forging), special sections, railway bearing plates, rounds, squares, flats, angles, channels, joists, billets, blooms, slabs and large forging ingots. Round Oak manufactured a weldable extra high-strength steel under the brand name, 'Thirty-Oak'.The 3½ mile-long railway between the steelworks and Baggeridge closed in September 1966.The works were re-nationalized in 1967, becoming part of British Steel although the works continued to be part  managed by Tube Investments.By the 1970s, the factory's viability and profitability began to decline owing to a fall in demand for its products. At its peak some 3,000 people were employed at the plant, but by 1979 the job cuts began and the plant's future was thrown into serious doubt.[1]
At its peak, up to 3,000 people worked at the factory, but that figure had fallen substantially by the late 1970s and closure was looking increasing likely. It finally closed on 23 December 1982, after 125 years of steel production. Around 1,300 people were made redundant by the closure. Brierley Hill had already been hit hard by the recession of 1980/81, which had caused high unemployment, but the closure of Round Oak saw unemployment in the town peak at around 25%—one of the worst rates of any town or city in Britain at this time. The closure came in spite of a fierce argument by local Conservative MP John Blackburn that the plant was still profitable and should be retained. Demolition work took place during 1984, when it was purchased by Don and Roy Richardson.
The farmland which stood in the shadow of Round Oak Steelworks was designated by the Government as an Enterprise Zone in 1981, being extended to include the site of the works in 1984—the same year that the Round Oak buildings were demolished. It was in October 1984 that the local council backed the plans of local twin brothers Don and Roy Richardson to build a retail park and shopping mall on the farmland. Within 12 months, the first retailer had moved onto the retail park, and by April 1986 the first phase of the Merry Hill Shopping Centre had been completed. 1987/88 saw more shops open at Merry Hill, as well as a 10-screen cinema, before the final phase opened in November 1989.
Merry Hill brought thousands of jobs to the local area and spearheaded a region-wide transition from manufacturing to services as the key employer of local workers, although many of the new shopping centre's jobs were occupied by people who had worked in other locations until the retailers decided to relocate to Merry Hill.
The first businesses did not move onto the steelworks site until December 1990, when new offices were completed as part of the Waterfront development.
Despite the closure of the works in 1982, a steel terminal was opened on the adjacent railway in August 1986 and is still in use.
Collie Knox (1957). Steel at Brierley Hill : the story of Round Oak Steel Works, 1857-1957. Manchester: Newman Neame.
Archive images from the Express & Star
Nausithoe aurea is a species of crown jellyfish found off the southeastern coast of Brazil. The central disc has been measured to be 10.5 mm. N. aurea is transparent with yellow and brown spots located around the gonads. N. aurea can reproduce either asexually by strobilation or sexually. Either ephyrae or planuloids may be produced by strobilation; only ephyrae can produce the medusal form. Strobilation can be induced to occur when food is abundant. In polyps, a large availability of food leads to strobilation if it is not regulated.
Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway (born 21 January 2004) is the elder child of Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit. She is second in line to succeed her grandfather King Harald V. She has a younger brother, Prince Sverre Magnus, whom she ranks above in the line of succession due to the implementation of absolute primogeniture in 1990. A member of the House of Glücksburg, she is expected to become the country's second female monarch, after the 15th-century Queen Margaret.
Born on 21 January 2004 at 9:13 am in The National Hospital, part of the Oslo University Hospital in Oslo, Princess Ingrid Alexandra is the first child and only daughter of Crown Prince Haakon, heir apparent to the throne, and the second granddaughter of King Harald V and Queen Sonja. Her mother, Crown Princess Mette-Marit, has a son named Marius Borg Høiby, born in 1997 from a previous relationship. Following Ingrid Alexandra's birth, the already well-regarded royal family experienced an upsurge of popularity.Ingrid Alexandra was baptised by Bishop Gunnar Stålsett in the chapel of the Royal Palace on 17 April 2004. Her grandfather the King, her aunt Princess Märtha Louise, the Crown Prince of Denmark, the Crown Princess of Sweden, the then Prince of Asturias, and her maternal grandmother Marit Tjessem were her godparents. The Crown Prince of Denmark and the Prince of Asturias were unable to attend the christening due to their respective weddings scheduled to occur within a month of the christening.On 31 August 2019, Ingrid Alexandra was confirmed in the Palace Chapel in Oslo with all her godparents present.
Ingrid Alexandra started her first day of school on 19 August 2010 at Jansløkka elementary school, a local state school attended by her half-brother. Her parents chose the school because they wanted her to have as ordinary a childhood as possible. Newspaper reports said Princess Ingrid Alexandra would walk to school with her half-brother, and local citizens could expect to see her occasionally out in the community with her classmates on school outings. School officials hoped to make the school a place where the princess could make friends and enjoy some relief from public scrutiny.On 17 June 2014, the Norwegian Royal Family notified the public that from the start of the 2014–2015 school year, Princess Ingrid Alexandra would transfer to the private English-language Oslo International School, reportedly because her parents wanted her to be fluent in English. Her younger brother, Sverre Magnus, was to transfer to Oslo's Montessori school.Princess Ingrid Alexandra was transferred to Oslo's Uranienborg School to complete her lower secondary education. In the fall of 2020 she began further schooling at Elvebakken Upper Secondary School in Oslo.
On 19 June 2010, Princess Ingrid Alexandra served as a bridesmaid at the wedding of her godmother, the Crown Princess of Sweden. In December 2012, the Princess attended an interview with her father by a Norwegian television programme in aid of Environmental Agents, the children's environmental organization. Her mother was supposed to attend, but the Crown Prince attended instead as the Crown Princess was ill. She has taken part in traditional celebrations of the Constitution Day, as well as the traditional ski jumping tournament at Holmenkollen in Oslo.On 4 May 2015, Princess Ingrid Alexandra christened the Norwegian Rescue Company's new lifeboat, Elias, in her first royal assignment. Accompanied by her grandfather the King, she was made godmother of the boat.In 2016, the Princess Ingrid Alexandra Sculpture Park opened in the Palace Park, with sculptures made for children and by children. The Princess takes active part herself in choosing the designs from among the contributions to the sculpture park from school children all over Norway. In 2018, she gave a guided tour of the park to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, on the occasion of their official visit to Norway.On 12 February 2016, the Princess and her grandfather participated in the opening ceremony of the II Winter Youth Olympics in Lillehammer: the King, as he previously did in 1994 Winter Olympics, declared the Games opened, while the Princess, like her father Crown Prince Haakon did 22 years before, lit the cauldron.On 17 November 2018, Princess Ingrid Alexandra christened the research vessel Kronprins Haakon, which was named after her father. The vessel was christened at its home port of Tromsø. The princess spoke of her interest in the ocean and climate change, which motivated her in christening the ship. She stated that the ship will bring "new and crucial knowledge about the polar areas, about the oceans and about climate change."The Princess won a gold medal in the Norwegian surfing championship for juniors in October 2020. She is known as an avid surfer, and she also trains skiing and kickboxing.
The Constitution of Norway was altered in 1990 to introduce absolute primogeniture, ensuring that the crown would pass to the eldest child regardless of sex but keeping the Crown Prince ahead of his elder sister, Princess Märtha Louise; the change was to apply for the first time to their children. Princess Ingrid Alexandra has thus been second in the line of succession since birth, preceded only by her father. Because of the reform, her status was not affected by the subsequent birth of her brother, Prince Sverre Magnus, in 2005. The Princess is expected to become Norway's first female monarch since Queen Margaret, who reigned over Norway, Denmark and Sweden from the late 1380s until her death in 1412.Along with her parents and grandparents – but unlike her brother, half-brother Marius, and other relatives – Princess Ingrid Alexandra is a member of the Norwegian Royal House. The family belongs to the House of Glücksburg.
21 January 2004 – present: Her Royal Highness Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway
 Norway: Recipient of the King Harald V Silver Jubilee Medal
Official website of the Royal House of Norway
Official website of Her Royal Highness Princess Ingrid Alexandra
Firmino Baptista is a paralympic athlete from Portugal competing mainly in category T11 sprint events.
Firmino competed in his first Paralympics in 2000 where he ran in the 100m and 200m, winning a silver medal in the 200m.  He also competed in the following two Paralympics in 2004 and 2008 but despite competing in the 100m, 200m and the 4 × 100 m was unable to win any further medals.
Rajeev Ram was the defending champion but chose not to participate.
Malek Jaziri won the title, defeating Stéphane Robert 5–7, 6–3, 7–6(7–5) in the final.
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Waubonsee Community College is a public community college with three campuses in Illinois: Sugar Grove, Aurora, and Plano. Founded in 1966, Waubonsee Community College serves twelve public school districts in Aurora, Batavia, Big Rock, Bristol, Elburn, Geneva, Hinckley, Kaneville, Leland, Maple Park, North Aurora, Plano, Sandwich, Somonauk, Oswego, Sugar Grove, and Yorkville.
In addition to its primary campuses, the college also uses facilities in many communities as extension site locations. At these nearly forty sites, Waubonsee provides college credit courses, seminars for business and industry, workshops for personal enrichment, and programs for youth.
Delivery of instruction across the district has also expanded through distance learning and the college's video conferencing system. This system links Waubonsee's three academic sites, two area high schools and the Illinois Mathematics and Science Academy via a two-way interactive microwave network. Using fiber optics, the network also includes Judson University, Kishwaukee College, and McHenry County College, thus enhancing the academic programs offered by Waubonsee and the Fox Valley Educational Alliance (FVEA).
Waubonsee is a founding member of the Illinois Virtual Campus (IVC) and also provides courses to students statewide through Illinois Community Colleges Online (ILCCO). Waubonsee has the distinction of being an ILCCO grant recipient naming Waubonsee as the host institution and college responsible for the development and operation of the ILCCO Learning Academy. The Learning Academy provides training and support for Illinois community college educators in the development, design and delivery of online courses. Waubonsee offers more than 100 online courses and is one of a handful of higher education institutions in Illinois to offer fully accredited degrees to students in a distance learning format.
The nickname for the athletic department is the Chiefs.
Official website
Frances Titus (1816-1894) was an American abolitionist and suffragist who is best known for being the confidante, secretary, tour director, financial manager and editor of Sojourner Truth's biography, Narrative of Sojourner Truth. She led important reform movements as the founder of a school for freed slave men and also played a major role in local and state suffrage movements.
Frances Titus was originally born as Frances Walling in 1816 at Charlotte, Vermont and she spent most of her childhood and teenage years in Cleveland, Ohio. Frances Titus was brought up in a Quaker household which was important to her receiving support from a large community of Quakers who were also ardent abolitionists. In October 1844, she married Captain Richard F. Titus, a native of New Rochelle, who became a sea captain at eighteen years of age. Upon her marriage to Captain Titus, Frances Titus built a new home with her husband on Maple Street. She had two sons; Richard Jr., who died when he was three years old and Samuel John, born on January 16, 1846. As her sons became older, Frances Titus was able to act on her social and religious beliefs in aiding freed black men receive education.
Frances Titus worked with Josephine Griffing of the Freedman's Bureau in Washington DC in December 1866 to help eight freed slave men start new lives in finding jobs and housing. In addition to her work with Ms. Griffing, Frances Titus also worked with Sojourner Truth in Rochester, New York to have freedmen resettle to that area. However, as the freedmen preferred to live in Battle Creek, Michigan, Titus helped them to relocate there. In order to help them integrate into the society in Michigan, Titus founded a school in 1867 to teach them how to read, write and to do basic arithmetic problems. Titus's students gave her a "handsome testimonial" as they greatly appreciated her efforts in teaching them.
As well as working to combat slavery, Titus worked with the women of the Suffrage Movement. She initially met with Sojourner Truth in 1856 at the Progressive Friends and began collaborating with Truth in 1867 and bought a barn from William Merritt which she remodeled into a home. Even though Truth concentrated her efforts on the Suffrage Movement around the east coast and Kansas and Titus focused on the Suffrage Movement in Michigan, they still kept in contact. Titus played a major role in being one of the founders of the Michigan Suffrage Association.
AS Ekebergbanen was a private company that built and operated the Ekeberg Line in Oslo, Norway. It was founded 27 March 1914, and the line opened 11 June 1917 from Stortorvet to Sæter. The company also built a line to Simensbråten that was closed 29 October 1967. Ekebergbanen also operated buses in Oslo.
The company was founded on 24 March 1914, and started construction of the line immediately, but the delivery of technical equipment and rolling stock was delayed because of the First World War. The company's formal establishment was therefore made on 1 June 1917, when the line between Stortorvet and Sæter was opened. In 1918, AS Ekebergbanen sent an application to build a funicular from Gamlebyen (then called Oslo) to Ekebergplatået. The stations were mostly built with tiny wooden sheds in new baroque architectural style by the Norwegian architect Erik Glosimodt. On the station Holtet, a larger station building was constructed, also drawn by Erik Glosimodt. This was to be the "main base" for Ekebergbanen, equipped with power stations with and a tram depot with place for twelve cars on six tracks. The depot is still used by the Oslo Tramway.In 1924, the company started to operate diesel buses, especially a route from Oslo city centre to Sværsvann named "Østmarkruten". This bus route was in 1953 overtaken by Oslo Sporveier and renumbered to line 71.On 30 September 1931, a branch line from Jomfrubråten to Simensbråten was opened, officially named Simensbråten Line. The service on this branch line was during the peak hours extended to Stortorvet. The Simensbråten Line was closed on 29 October 1967.The Ekeberg Line was extended from Sæter to Ljabru on 17 September 1941, which originally was single-tracked.
While waiting for the Gullfisk-trams, Ekebergbanen borrowed trams from Bærumsbanen until 1974.On 1 July 1948, Oslo Sporveier bought the major share of the company's stocks. 17 years later—on the same day—the administration and operation of the two lines were transferred to Oslo Sporveier. The company formally merged with Oslo Sporveier on 1 July 1992, and was declared defunct the year after.
The Ekeberg Line is a 6.6-kilometre (4.1 mi) long continuation of the Gamleby Line, from which it connects at Oslo Hospital. The entire line is built as a light rail with its own right-of-way. It runs up Ekeberg on the east side of Kongsveien, passing Sjømannsskolen and Jomfrubråten. This is where the Simensbråten Line previously branched off. It was 1.3-kilometre (0.8 mi) long and had three stations: Ekebergparken, Smedstua and Simensbråten. The Ekeberg Line continues from Jomfrubråten past Sportsplassen to Holtet, which is the location of the depot. The line then crosses Kongsveien and continues along the west side of Ekebergveien. It passes the stations Sørli, Kastellet, Bråten and Sæter. Between Sæter and the terminus Ljabru is a bridge over Nordstrandsveien which is single tracked. The remaining part of the network was eventually double track and electrified at 1,200 volts direct current.
In 1924, Ekebergbanen bought four Berliet buses with bodies from Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk and put them into service on two lines, from Jernbanetorget to Abildsø and from Sæter to Godheim. The latter route was used to feed the Ekeberg Line. In 1927, the company bought Republic and Studebaker buses, and in 1928 four Büssing buses which replaced the Berliet vehicles. From 1927 to 1931, the company ran a bus line from Jernbanetorget to Simensbråten, and also for some years from Nordstrandshøgda to Aker University Hospital. From 28 August 1932, the two original bus lines were combined and extended to Sværsvann. It was branded as Østmarkaruten and ran the route Jernbanetorget–Abildsø–Klemetsrud–Godheim–Sværsvann. In 1937, the company bought four diesel buses from Büssing. In 1940, the company had four modern diesel buses and three older gasoline buses. The company had silver buses with a wine red cheatline with the EB logo in silver on a blue background. The company also ran an automotive workshop and fuel station at Holtet.During World War II, the operation of buses was limited, although because some of the buses ran on diesel, it was easier to procure fuel, compared to gasoline buses. One of the buses was rebuilt to a truck. From 1946 to 1951, the company bought new buses from Scania-Vabis and Volvo, with bodies built at Holtet. From 1 February 1952, the Østmarkaruten was transferred to Oslo Sporveier, which numbered it Line 71. The buses continued to use Holtet as a depot until 1957, when they were transferred to Grefsen.
The company operated several classes of unique trams, which were only used on the Ekeberg Line, the Simensbråten Line and the connection to the city center. They were all capable of both running on 1,200 V on the Ekeberg and Simenbråten Lines, and 600 V in the city. The junction between the two networks was a 10-metre (33 ft) section without an overhead wire at Oslo Hospital. This allowed each of the pantographs to touch their current at the same time. All the trams had four motors, each running at 600 V. They were grouped in two pairs, each serial connected. The two groups were connected so they were either serial or parallel connected, so each motor would either receive 300 V or 600 V. However, they were not connected to they would receive the same current in the city as on the hill section, thus the trams had only half the power when running on the 600 V section, with each motor either running at 150 V or 300 V. However, peak power was not needed, as the city was flat and had a maximum speed limit of 40 kilometres per hour (25 mph).
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf is a shoot 'em up video game released by Electronic Arts (EA) in March 1992 for the Sega Genesis. The game was released on several other formats such as the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, including a much upgraded version for the Amiga home computer. The game was inspired by the Gulf War and depicts a conflict between an insane Middle Eastern dictator, General Kilbaba, and the United States. The player controls an Apache helicopter (depicted with the tail assembly of a  Comanche) and attempts to destroy enemy weapons and installations, rescue hostages and capture enemy personnel, while managing supplies of fuel and ammunition.
Lead designer Mike Posehn had no video game experience prior to developing Desert Strike. Inspired by Choplifter, he aimed to create a nonlinear game with smoothly animated vehicles. Posehn developed a camera system with momentum to mimic realistic helicopter movements. Three-dimensional (3D) modeling was used to generate the vehicle sprites, which were later touched up on the pixel level with color.
Desert Strike was a commercial success: it was a chart-topping best seller and at the time Electronics Arts' highest selling game. The game also received a favourable critical response, with several magazines awarding scores of over 90%. Reviewers praised the game's enjoyability, mix of action and strategy, graphics and sound. There was some controversy regarding the game's subject matter, with commentators criticising it as in poor taste due to the proximity of its release to the recently ended Gulf War.
Desert Strike is a shoot 'em up game in which the player pilots an AH-64 Apache helicopter (albeit modified with a Fenestron rotor). The game is less frantic than typical shoot 'em ups, with the addition of greater strategic elements. The action takes place on open, multi-directional scrolling levels viewed from an isometric perspective. The player views the action from outside the helicopter, rather than from within the cockpit. The player is also assisted by their copilot, who they can pick at the start of the mission; each copilot plays differently with different skill levels. The best copilot, Lt. Carlos "Jake" Valdez, is missing in action at the start of the game, and can be found and rescued during one of the missions.Levels consist of several missions, which are based around the destruction of enemy weapons and installations, as well as rescuing hostages or prisoners of war, or capturing enemy personnel. The Apache is armed with a machine gun, more powerful Hydra rockets and yet more deadly Hellfire missiles. The more powerful the weapon, the fewer can be carried: the player must choose an appropriate weapon for each situation. Enemy weapons range from soldiers with small arms, to anti-aircraft missiles to tanks and armoured cars.
The player's craft has a limited amount of armour, which is depleted as the helicopter is hit by enemy fire. Should the armour reach zero, the craft will be destroyed, costing the player a life. The player must outmanoeuvre enemies to avoid damage, but can replenish armour by means of power-ups or by airlifting rescued friendlies or captives to a landing zone. The helicopter has a finite amount of fuel which is steadily depleted over time. Should the fuel run out the Apache will crash, again costing the player a life. The craft can refuel by collecting fuel barrels: the player must therefore plan mission routes carefully in order to maximise efficiency. The helicopter also carries limited ammunition, which must be replenished by means of ammo crates. 
The game opens with a self-proclaimed general named Kilbaba (Mubaba in the Super NES version) seizing control of an unnamed, fictional Gulf state. Installing himself as dictator, Kilbaba quickly begins fortifying his position with military weapons and installations, including facilities for building nuclear bombs. The United States decides to send in a single helicopter, piloted by the player's unnamed character and aided by a co-pilot, to infiltrate and destroy Kilbaba's forces in a series of swift strikes.Altogether, four missions need to be resolved:
In the first level (Air Superiority), the player must destroy several enemy airstrips and their support facilities, as well as liberate an exposed pro-American spy who holds important information about Kilbaba's next plans.
The next mission (Scud Buster) entails locating and destroying a chemical weapons plant and a number of scud launchers wielding chemically charged missiles, and evacuate local and American non-combatants and P.O.W.s.
The third mission (Embassy City) revolves around rescuing a U.N. inspection team, destroying a biological weapons plant and those bio-warhead missiles ready for deployment, as well as rescuing a large number of hostages, including the personnel from a local American embassy.
In the final stage (Nuclear Storm), the player must - among other things - prevent the destruction of a major oil production facility, disable a nuclear power plant and several finished parts for nuclear weapons, and finally take down Kilbaba himself. Kilbaba attempts to escape in a bomber plane armed with nuclear bombs, so the player must destroy him and his plane before it leaves the runway.The game's plot was felt by commentators to be a thinly disguised reference to the Gulf War, while comparisons were drawn between Kilbaba and Saddam Hussein, and between the game's unnamed desert setting and Iraq.
The game was developed by a team headed by Mike Posehn. In the 1980s, Posehn had previously worked for EA as a software developer. Soon after leaving EA, he obtained a publishing deal with the company for Video Deluxe. The success of the software spurred Posehn to branch out and experiment with a flight simulator titled Fly for the IBM Personal Computer; however, International Business Machines cancelled the project. Posehn later met with EA president Trip Hawkins who suggested that Posehn develop a game for the Genesis, which was soon to be released. He also recommended that Posehn create a game similar to the Apple II game Choplifter; Hawkins felt flying a helicopter and rescuing people was "cool".Desert Strike underwent few changes from the plans outlined in the original design documents. The initial concept involved smoothly animated vehicles on an isometric playing field. The developers also aimed to include cinematic scenes, similar to The Revenge of Shinobi's introduction sequence. The game began development some time before any discussion of an American invasion of Iraq, originally based on the Lebanese Civil War and titled Beirut Breakout; this was later changed to the Persian Gulf region. John Manley recalled, "We actually wrote most of Desert Strike before Desert Shield happened. We were watching CNN at three in the afternoon and all of a sudden it was like, 'Oh my god - it's happening!'" A special point system intended to punish players was omitted; the system would have deducted points from the player's score if they destroyed objects that resulted in negative economic and political results. The control scheme was not well received at internal reviews of the game's early versions, and Posehn had to alter his original design to obtain approval for further development.John Manley, an EA employee, assisted writing the game's program. He and Posehn collaborated to create the game's sandbox format, which they nicknamed "SNAFU". Posehn wanted the game to have nonlinear gameplay, and Manley felt having a storyline and puzzles would help the player progress. Posehn disliked common gameplay elements like series of bosses and power-ups. As a compromise, the developers only included power-ups to replenish ammunition, armour, and other helicopter resources. To provide the player with options, the SNAFU system was designed to allow players to complete side missions in addition to main objectives. If the player alters the game scenario so that the objectives cannot be completed, the game instructs the player to reset the mission by returning to base.Inspired by Matchbox toys he played with as a child, Posehn decided to make the size of the game sprites resemble toys. Posehn contacted his friend, Tim Calvin, to assist with designing and creating the vehicle sprites. Though Calvin was a practising dentist at the time, he also had experience with 3D modelling. He rendered 3D models on a computer and reduced them to the desired size. Different views were obtained by rotating the models along a single axis. Calvin added colour to the sprites to meet the production staff's specifications; most required black, white, red, and blue, as well as four shades of colours like green and brown. Calvin eventually felt the rendering process was a waste of resources and attempted to create sprites on the pixel level himself without 3D models. The developers, however, preferred the sprites created from the models over Calvin's freestyle ones.Posehn had a difficult time working within the Genesis's output resolution of 320×240. He wanted to show as much of the playing field as possible without losing the details of the sprites; he felt a lack of graphical detail would make them less interesting. Posehn developed a dynamic camera system to help maintain what he felt was the right balance between the size of the field in view and the size of the game objects. The camera travels on an elliptic curve as the helicopter rotates to change the direction it travels; this puts whatever is in front of the helicopter more in view on screen. Posehn also integrated momentum to the camera movements to smooth transitions. He spent several months working on the physics for the screen and helicopter to ensure realistic movement. Instead of using completely accurate physics, Posehn chose to model movement that he believed players would assume a helicopter would have. He believed players would be put off by physics that didn't match their perceived movement.After the success of the Genesis/Mega Drive version, work began on a conversion for the Amiga, with Gary Roberts (known for a John Madden Amiga conversion) and David Colclough (responsible for Myth) in charge of development. The developers retouched and redrew the graphics and added additional sound effects taken from military training videos. Conversions for other systems include the Atari Lynx, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Master System, Game Gear and Game Boy. The game was also ported to the Game Boy Advance, ten years later in 2002, as Desert Strike Advance, and was re-released in 2006 for the PlayStation Portable as part of a budget compilation.
Desert Strike Advance is a port of the original game for Game Boy Advance by Budcat Creations, LLC.
Desert Strike was an immediate commercial success, going straight to the top of sales charts. The game remained a top-10 best seller for months after its release, and was at the time Electronic Arts' highest selling game ever.Mean Machines praised the sophistication and tactical freedom found in the game, as well as its longevity and graphics. The magazine deemed it one of the best shooters on the Mega Drive thus far, as well as the best game released for the console that month. Computer and Video Games felt the game's subject matter was somewhat in bad taste, but praised its depth, soundtrack and sound effects. The magazine felt the game was "essential" for Mega Drive owners. ACE praised the balance of action and strategy, as well as the variety of missions. The magazine felt some of the graphics, particularly the explosions, were a little weak and complained that the fact that the helicopter is not fully rearmed and refuelled after the loss of a life was unduly frustrating. MegaTech magazine praised the graphics and gameplay, and said it was "one of the best shoot 'em ups on the Megadrive". Retro Gamer included this "thinking man's shoot-'em-up" among top ten Mega Drive games.Amiga Action felt the game was not particularly innovative, but praised its open-ended gameplay, graphics and sound. The reviewer claimed the Amiga version of the game ran more slowly than the Mega Drive version but overall felt the port was "a more than satisfactory translation". Amiga Computing noted the improved graphics and sound over the Mega Drive version and praised the game as "EA's finest moment since Populous". The reviewer also acclaimed the game's "brilliant playability". Amiga Format commended the "Successful cross between a shoot 'em up and a flight simulator", graphics, sound, varied missions and "tremendous fun" of the game, although the reviewer noted some "occasional glitches" occurring in the sound and graphics. CU Amiga praised the Amiga version's improved graphics and sound, particularly the explosions, though the reviewer derided friendly units' invincibility as unrealistic and complained of poor enemy artificial intelligence. The magazine however said that "All things considered, Desert Strike couldn't be a better game", praising the "fast and frantic" action and "just-one-more-go appeal". The One praised the mix of action and strategy as well as opining that the Amiga version was a strong improvement over the Mega Drive game. The magazine said the game "plays like a dream" and was "one of the best shoot 'em ups available for any games machine".The four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly gave varying praise to the Lynx version's controls and graphics, but concurred that on the smaller portable screen Desert Strike loses much of its impact and playability, as it is difficult to identify enemies or even see the bullets the player character fires.GamePro gave the Game Boy version a positive review, saying it "has almost everything that made the original title great." They particularly praised the graphics and extensive, realistic sound effects, remarking that they were very impressive given the limitations of Game Boy cartridges. Mike Weigand of Electronic Gaming Monthly likewise deemed it "A fairly faithful portable version of the 16-Bit military classic."Despite its commercial success, some commentators felt the game was an attempt to capitalize on then-recent, extensive news coverage of the Gulf War, which had focused on the use of advanced, impersonal weapons (such as aircraft and guided missiles) to destroy enemy weapons and installations. These critics considered the game's subject matter to be in bad taste, with one magazine even reporting an incident of veterans burning copies of the game.
Desert Strike was followed by four sequels Jungle Strike, Urban Strike, Soviet Strike, and Nuclear Strike that expanded on the basic gameplay it established. The design staff made efforts to retain game mechanics they felt embodied the core of the original. They believed removing those elements would result in a loss of focus of what attracted fans. As the series moved to more advanced consoles, Posehn became less involved in the programming side of development. Jungle Strike and Urban Strike, both released for the Genesis, featured additional vehicles and locations. Soviet Strike, released for the original PlayStation and the Sega Saturn in 1996, featured 3D graphics, as did Nuclear Strike, released on PC and PlayStation in 1997 and the Nintendo 64 in 1999. A fifth sequel provisionally titled Future Strike was planned, but the game was eventually released as Future Cop: LAPD, a mech-based shooter game.Fatima Al Qadiri, a producer who lived in Kuwait during Operation Desert Storm, recorded an extended play of the same name based on her experience of playing Desert Strike a year after the war ended; it was released in October 2012 by Fade to Mind.
Gremlin Interactive page
T·HQ, Inc. page
Budcat Creations, LLC. page
Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf at MobyGames
Pseudomeritastis voluta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia.
Dilate is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco, released in 1996. Dilate is her highest-selling and most critically acclaimed record, with US sales of over 480,000 units according to SoundScan. In 2011, Slant Magazine placed the album at No. 67 on its list of "The 100 Best Albums of 1990s".
All tracks are written by Ani DiFranco except where otherwise indicated.
Ani DiFranco – synthesizer, acoustic guitar, bass, guitar, bongos, electric guitar, steel guitar, Hammond organ, vocals, thumb piano
Michael Ramos – Hammond organ
Andy Stochansky – drums
David Travers-Smith – trumpet
Ani DiFranco  – record producer, mixing, sampling, arranger, sequencing, artwork, design
Robin Aubé – engineer
Bob Doidge – engineer
Andrew Gilchrist – engineer
Mark Hallman – engineer
Marty Lester – engineer
Ed Stone – engineer
Chris Bellman – mastering
Adam Pause – artwork, design
Mark Van-S – photography
Puldinni also spelled as Puladinni is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Puldinni is located near to Pothnal stream joining Tungabhadra river. Puldinni lies on road connecting Pothnal-Ayanur.
As of 2001 India census, Puldinni had a population of 1,954 with 998 males and 956 females and 319 Households.
Ayanur
Pothnal
Hedaginal
Olaballari
Sindhanur
Raichur
raichur.nic.in
A sponsorship broker is an individual, or agency, that procures sponsorship funding for properties (defined as an outlet with a captive audience that provides for a positive experience). Sponsorship brokers tend to specialize to particular niches within the sponsorship-marketing field.
A typical sponsorship could be, for example, an arrangement  to exchange advertising for the responsibility of providing funding for a popular event or entity.  For example, a corporate entity may provide equipment for a famous band in exchange for brand recognition.  The sponsor earns popularity this way while the sponsored can earn a lot of money and/or receive free music equipment.  This type of sponsorship is prominent in the sports, arts, media and charity sectors.
Donation
Cause marketing
Ambush marketing
Sports marketing
Sustaining program
European Sponsorship Association
Hanson (also known as Junior Marvin's Hanson) were a British-based rock band formed by Junior Hanson in 1973 and were signed to Emerson, Lake and Palmer's record label Manticore. Their debut album Now Hear This, was released in 1973 and featured Bobby Tench. At the beginning of 1974, Junior Marvin disbanded the existing line-up and reformed the band for the recording of a funk rock album Magic Dragon, which was released later that year.
Side One"Traveling Like a Gypsy" - 6:15
"Love Knows Everything" - 3:08
"Mister Music Maker" - 4:27
"Catch That Beat" - 3:48
"Take You into My Home" - 3:11Side Two"Gospel Truth" - 5:03
"Rain" - 5:10
"Smokin’ to the Big 'M'" - 9:53
Junior Hanson - guitar and lead vocals; backing vocals on "Love Knows Everything" and "Take You Into My Home"; bass guitar on "Rain"
Jean Roussel - electric piano, organ, clavinet, Mini-Moog synthesizer; piano on "Gospel Truth"
Clive Chaman - bass guitar on all tracks except for "Love Knows Everything" and "Rain"
Conrad Isidore - drums on all tracks except for "Love Knows Everything"
Jimmy Thomas - superstring; backing vocals on "Take You Into My Home", "Rain" and "Smoking to the Big 'M'"
Rebop Kwaku Baah - congas
Bobby Tench - backing vocals on "Love Knows Everything", "Gospel Truth" and "Rain"; guitar on "Catch That Beat"
Godfrey McLean - drums and backing vocals on "Love Knows Everything"
Delisle Harper - bas guitar on "Love Knows Everything"
Chris Wood - flute on "Mister Music Maker"
Ken Cumberbatch - piano on "Catch That Beat"
"Rocking Horseman"
"Modern Day Religion"
"Down into the Magic"
"Rock Me Baby"
"Love Yer Need You"
"Boy Meets Girl"
"American Beauty Rose"
"Looking at Tin Soldiers"
"Magic Dragon"
Junior Hanson (guitar and vocals)
Glen LeFleur (drums)
Neil Murray (bass)
Brother James (percussion)
Marlo Henderson (guitar)
Andre Lewis (keyboards)
Now Hear This Manticore (1973)
Magic Dragon Manticore (1974)
Now Hear This Ork/Cherry Red  (2007) re-release
Junior Marvin Hanson press release
The Bridgewater Four are four men who were tried and found guilty of killing 13-year-old paperboy Carl Bridgewater, who was shot in the head at close range near Stourbridge, England, in 1978. In February 1997, after almost two decades of imprisonment, their convictions were overturned on technical grounds and the three surviving defendants were released; the fourth defendant had died in prison two years into his sentence. Bridgewater's murder remains unsolved.
The investigations were carried out by the West Midlands Serious Crime Squad, which was later disbanded after an inquiry into corruption and mismanaged investigations.
Carl Bridgewater (2 January 1965 – 19 September 1978) was shot dead on 19 September 1978 at Yew Tree Farm near Stourbridge, West Midlands, while delivering a newspaper to the house. The occupants of the house, elderly cousins Mary Poole and Fred Jones, were not home at the time. Police conjecture that Bridgewater may have disturbed an intruder or burglar, and was subsequently forced into the living room of the house where he was shot once in the head at close range with a shotgun.
The Bridgewater Four were Patrick Molloy, James Robinson and cousins Michael and Vincent Hickey. They came to the attention of police working on the murder investigation following further serious crimes later in 1978. On 24 November, Robinson, Hickey and an unidentified third man carried out an armed robbery at a Tesco supermarket on the Castle Vale estate in Birmingham. Hickey and Robinson raided the safe while the third man held several terrified shoppers at bay with a gun. When the manager tried to intervene, a shot was fired over his head.Six days later, Robinson and the Hickey cousins robbed an elderly couple at Chapel Farm, Romsley, near Halesowen. Vincent stayed in the car while Robinson and Michael charged into the house wearing balaclavas, brandishing a shotgun and shouting for money. The victims of this robbery displayed great courage but the robbers got away with £200. Robinson took the lead, hitting one of the victims with the gun but not firing it.Molloy was the first to be arrested. During questioning which also covered Bridgwater's murder, Molloy told police that he had been in an upstairs bedroom at Yew Tree Farm while robbing the house when he heard a gunshot downstairs. Shortly afterwards, the other three men were arrested.All denied committing murder, but three of them were convicted of murder at Stafford Crown Court on 9 November 1979. The fourth, Molloy, was found guilty of manslaughter. They were sentenced on 12 November.
James Robinson (aged 45) and Vincent Hickey (aged 25) were both sentenced to life imprisonment with a recommended minimum term of 25 years, which would have kept them behind bars until at least 2004 and the ages of 70 and 50 respectively. Michael Hickey (aged 18) was sentenced to be detained indefinitely at Her Majesty's pleasure, though it was anticipated he would serve a shorter sentence than the two others convicted of murder due to his age. Patrick Molloy (aged 51) received a 12-year prison sentence on the manslaughter charge, but he died of a heart attack in prison, two years later.
An appeal in March 1989 was rejected, but on 21 February 1997, the latest in a number of appeals finally saw the men's convictions overturned, after the Court of Appeal ruled that the trial had been unfair, due to certain areas of evidence fabricated by police in order to persuade the now-deceased Molloy to make a confession. However, the Appeal Judges noted that in the light of Vincent Hickey's confessions to being present at the farm where Bridgewater was shot dead "we consider that there remains evidence on which a reasonable jury properly directed could convict."Despite this, in the light of the judgment, the Crown Prosecution Service had decided not to apply for a retrial involving Vincent Hickey in the public interest nor proceed with an outstanding armed robbery charge against him. Hickey said, "My conviction has been quashed, so I am absolved and as far as I'm concerned that's the end of it."The campaign to free and absolve the four men was led by Michael Hickey's mother, Ann Whelan, and campaigning journalist Paul Foot. Preparations were made for a case against four police officers in the Staffordshire force on charges of fabricating evidence, but the case was dropped in December 1998.
In a ruling condemned as "sick" by prison campaigners, the Court of Appeal agreed with a Home Office-appointed assessor that the Hickey cousins should lose a quarter of loss-of-earnings compensation for their free food and accommodation inside. This has set a precedent which is still being used by the Home Office.Robinson died on 30 August 2007 of lung cancer at the age of 73.
Over the years, convicted murderer Bert Spencer (born 1940) has been mentioned in the media as a possible suspect for the murder. Spencer, a uniformed ambulance driver who worked at Corbett Hospital in Stourbridge lived in Wordsley and was a neighbour of Bridgewater, living five houses away. He was investigated by police in the immediate aftermath of the murder, not least because he drove a blue Vauxhall Viva - the same type of car which had been seen at the farm on the afternoon of the murder. Witnesses also said that the driver of the car was a uniformed man. Spencer had a shotgun licence and was regularly allowed to shoot at Yew Tree Farm. However, he was eliminated from police inquiries within a few months after the arrest of the four other suspects. Shortly afterwards, Spencer shot dead 70-year-old Hubert Wilkes at neighbouring Holloway Farm. Like Carl, Hubert Wilkes had been shot while sitting on a sofa. Spencer was imprisoned for life in 1980 and served 15 years before being paroled in 1995.Spencer is featured in a book, Scapegoat for Murder: The Truth About the Killing of Carl Bridgewater (D&B Publishing), written by true crime author, Simon W. Golding. The author invited criminologist David Wilson to interview Spencer, and in June 2016, Channel 4 screened a television documentary, Interview with a Murderer. In the course of the "interview of the year", Spencer's daughter revealed that she felt that her father was at Yew Tree Farm on the day of Bridgwater's killing "and possibly saw something". An ambulance station secretary (who was also a friend) who had provided the "cast iron" alibi that he had been "at work all day", admitted that she could not be sure that Spencer had not left at some point. Prof. Wilson, in his final meeting with Spencer, told him that he saw through Spencer's "kindly old grandfather schtick", adding that a P-scan test indicated Spencer was a manipulative and callous psychopath. The documentary concluded with Wilson interviewing Spencer's former wife, who had not spoken publicly before. She said that the day after Bridgewater's murder, Spencer told her he was disposing of his shotgun. She added that, Spencer having chosen to revive the issue to protest his innocence, it seemed likely that the police would reopen the case.
Paul Foot: Murder at the farm: who killed Carl Bridgewater? (1986), London: Sidgwick & Jackson, ISBN 0-283-99165-8.
Simon W. Golding: Scapegoat for Murder: The Truth About the Killing of Carl Bridgewater (2016). D&B Publishing. ISBN 978-1780914770.
BBC websiteCarl Bridgewater
[4] Scapegoat for Murder: The Truth About the Killing of Carl Bridgewater
%5B%5BWikipedia%3ARedirects+for+discussion%5D%5D+debate+closed+as+delete
REDIRECT Scream (2022 film)
Downton is a village and civil parish on the River Avon in southern Wiltshire, England, about 6 miles (10 km) southeast of the city of Salisbury. The parish is on the county boundary with Hampshire and is close to the New Forest; it includes the villages of Wick and Charlton-All-Saints, and the small ancient settlement of Witherington. The Trafalgar Park estate erased the former settlement of Standlynch. The parish church, Trafalgar House and two more houses are Grade I listed.,
Downton village is on the east bank of the river. Wick lies on the opposite bank, and is linked to Charlton by the A338 Poole-Oxfordshire road, which accompanies the river north–south through the parish.
Downton can trace its ancient inhabitants to the Neolithic, Iron Age, Roman and Saxon times. Evidence of Neolithic occupation was found at Downton in 1956–7 during archaeological excavations in advance of a housing development. Close to this site, in 1953 the site of a Roman villa was discovered. Excavations in 1955-6 revealed a villa with tessellated floors, at least two featuring mosaics, a hypocaust and bath house. Roman features were found over an area of about 12 acres. The villa is no longer visible, but the finds, including one of the mosaics, are displayed in Salisbury Museum. Clearbury Ring, on high ground in the northwest of the parish, is an Iron Age hillfort.The ancient parish of Downton covered a large area, extending north to Nunton and southeast beyond Redlynch as far as Hamptworth. Downton was probably the principal village in the 7th and 8th centuries, and became important as the centre of the manor belonging to the Bishop of Winchester.The Domesday Book of 1068 recorded a large settlement of 131 households at Downton. Henry of Blois, Bishop of Winchester, built a (possibly incomplete) motte-and-bailey castle near the river.Moot House (or The Moot) was built c. 1700 just to the east; the castle site, of some 3.6 hectares (8.9 acres), was developed as the gardens of the house c. 1720. Today the house is a Grade I listed building. The gardens are owned and managed by a preservation trust and are open to the public.
The Manor House, northwest of the parish church, is a Grade I listed hall house with attached chapel from the 14th century, altered in the 17th and 19th. The house and church were an endowment to Winchester College by William of Wykeham in 1380; the house was later leased by Elizabeth I, and was occupied by a brother of Sir Walter Raleigh in the 17th century.The manor house at Standlynch was built in 1733 for Sir Peter Vandeput and extended in 1766 by Henry Dawkins, plantation owner and Member of Parliament. In 1814 the nation bought the estate and gave it to Lord Nelson's heirs. They changed its name to Trafalgar Park, to commemorate Nelson's victory at the Battle of Trafalgar.
The artist John Constable visited Downton in 1820, and his sketch of the Avon with the church in the background is held in the British Museum. In 1836, a time of continued agricultural hardship, the parish sponsored an emigration of more than 200 of its poor people to Upper Canada for opportunities there; they sailed in April 1836 on the ship King William. From 1880 to 1906 John Wrightson, a pioneer in agricultural education, had his Downton Agricultural College here.The Salisbury and Dorset Junction Railway, linking Salisbury with the line to Poole and Bournemouth, was built north–south across the parish and opened in 1866. Its route passed close to the east of Downton village, with Downton station reached from Lode Hill. The line was absorbed into the LSWR in 1883. It was closed in 1964 and the track was lifted the following year.Nunton (with Bodenham) and Standlynch became civil parishes in the 19th century, then as the population grew and churches were built, Downton was reduced in size. In 1896 its eastern part became Redlynch civil parish, in 1897 Charlton and Witherington were united with Standlynch to form the civil parish of Standlynch with Charlton All Saints, and in 1923 Morgan's Vale and Woodfalls were taken to form a new civil parish. Finally, in 1934 Standlynch and Charlton were reunited with Downton, and Morgan's Vale and Woodfalls were added to Redlynch.For about a decade from around 1961, Downton had an important part to play in British motorsport. Its Downton Engineering Works produced some of the motors used by racing cars.Housebuilding in the 20th and 21st centuries has developed the Wick area into a western extension of Downton village.
In 1999 a community project, The Downton Millennial Book Fund, published an illustrated history of the village from its ancient days.
The Church of England parish church of St Laurence has its origins in the 12th century, and Pevsner describes it as "a large and interesting church". The nave is the oldest surviving work; the transepts are from the 13th century and the chancel from the 14th. Restoration was carried out in the 17th century, then in 1812 by D.A. Alexander and in 1860 by T.H. Wyatt. The tower had its upper part rebuilt in the 17th century and has eight bells, one of which is from the 14th century and two from the 17th.Downton ecclesiastical parish was large, with dependant medieval churches at Nunton, Standlynch and Witherington; there were no churches at Morgan's Vale, Redlynch or Charlton until the 19th century. The church was designated as Grade I listed in 1960. Today it is part of the Forest and Avon team ministry, a grouping of six churches in Wiltshire and Hampshire.
There were Baptists in Downton from the 17th century. A congregation of Particular Baptists formed c. 1738 and built a chapel at South Lane in 1791. They replaced that in 1857 with a larger building on the same site. This continues as Downton Baptist Church.A Methodist chapel was built in 1896 on Downton High Street, replacing an earlier chapel at Lode Hill. The building continues in use as Downton Methodist Church.A Roman Catholic chapel of the Good Shepherd was founded in 1914 at Barford Lane, at the northern edge of Downton, on land given by the Nelsons. The present building was built in 1950 and is served from Salisbury.
Charlton has an Anglican church, All Saints, built in 1851 partly at the expense of Lord Nelson. Construction is in brick to designs of T.H. Wyatt, in Early English style. Today the church is part of the Chalke Valley benefice.At Standlynch a small church near the river, dedicated to St Mary, was probably founded in 1147. It was rebuilt in 1677 and became a private chapel for Standlynch manor and later for the Nelsons of Trafalgar Park. The building was restored by William Butterfield in 1859–66. The dedication was changed to St Michael and All Angels, probably in 1914, and the church has been closed since 1947.A church stood at Witherington in 1147 but fell into disuse in the 15th century.A Wesleyan Methodist chapel was built near All Saints' church in 1864. It was decommissioned and converted to a private house in the 1970s.
The River Avon flows through Downton. For centuries villagers maintained reed beds for harvesting materials to make baskets, trays and wicker furniture.  The river is the source of occasional flooding in the village.  Major flood defence work was carried out in 2002 after a severe flood following heavy rains. The watermeadows, fields through which irrigation channels were made using weirs and channelling, use the water from this river.
Downton has a fifteen-member parish council with responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council's operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, Wiltshire Council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of security, crime, and traffic. The council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with Wiltshire Council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The parish council is divided into two wards: Downton, which elects fourteen councillors, and Charlton-All-Saints, which elects one councillor.Along with the neighbouring parishes of Odstock, Britford and Coombe Bissett, Downton parish is part of the ward of Downton & Ebble Valley in the unitary authority of Wiltshire Council, which has the wider responsibility for providing services such as education, refuse collection, and tourism. The ward is currently represented by Julian Johnson, a member of the Conservative Party. It is also part of the Salisbury parliamentary constituency, represented by John Glen, also a Conservative.
From 1295 to 1832, Downton was a parliamentary borough, giving eligible residents the right to elect two MPs to Parliament. Notable MPs include Blessed John Story, an English Roman Catholic martyr, later beatified by Pope Leo XIII; Sir Carew Raleigh, elder brother of Sir Walter Raleigh; Robert 'Bonnie Bobby Shafto', the subject of a popular folk song; and the poet Robert Southey, who was elected without his knowledge and declined to take his seat.
Until the 20th century, the primary economic activity of the village had been agriculture and related crafts. For instance, in the early 1900s, craftsmen still maintained reed beds in the river for their materials to make baskets and furniture. Tanning was an important industry, with a tannery recorded as existing in the village in the 16th century. A new tannery, which became Downton Tanning Company Ltd, was built in the early 19th century. It made leather for harnesses and saddles until it closed in 1998. Its building has been converted into housing and retirement homes.
Downton Business Centre, on the A338, is home to a variety of businesses including Hop Back Brewery, Revive Vending, Sytec, and Help for Heroes Trading. Hop Back first brewed its beer in 1986 at the Wyndham Arms in Salisbury. Six years later, the company moved to larger premises in Downton. As of 2010, Hop Back owned eleven public houses around the south of England. Nearby is the smaller Downton Brewery, established in 2003. Help for Heroes is a charity that raises money to supplement existing government provision for injured members of the British armed forces.
The busy A338 Bournemouth to Oxfordshire road runs through the western side of the village. The village's main street, forming The Borough, High Street and Lode Hill, has been designated as the B3080 road to the New Forest.
The Wilts & Dorset bus company runs its X3 route along the A338 on the western side of the village, with a half-hourly service north to Salisbury and south to Bournemouth. It also runs the more local routes 40 and 44 through the main part of village.
Downton has a village hall (the Memorial Hall) and three pubs: the Bull Hotel, The Goat and the Wooden Spoon.
Downton Leisure Centre (owned by the Brian Whitehead Sports Centre Association), in the eastern outskirts of Wick, provides sports and social facilities. It is the home of Downton F.C., who play in the Wessex Football League.
Downton holds an annual village fête called the Cuckoo Fair on the Saturday nearest May Day. Originally a country fair where livestock would be traded and agricultural workers would seek employment, the fair was abandoned after the First World War. It was revived in its modern form in 1980 by Peter Waddington MBE. The origin of the name is unknown.The Avon Valley Path passes through Charlton, then crosses the river at Downton before turning southeast towards Hampshire.
Prior to its connection to the national grid, Downton was supplied with electricity from a small local power station operated by the Central Electricity Generating Board. In 1958 the station comprised a 35 kW water turbine driven by the River Avon and an 82 kW diesel engine plant. Electricity was available to consumers at 400–420 Volts alternating current. In 1958 the station supplied 215 MWh of electricity; in 1972 supplies were 287 MWh. The power station was decommissioned in the mid-1970s.
Downton has a primary school and a secondary school. Downton CofE (VA) Primary School dates from 1895, when it replaced older schools. Children of all ages attended until the secondary school opened.The Trafalgar School at Downton (for ages 11–16) opened at Wick in 1964, at first as a secondary modern, then becoming a comprehensive called Downton School in the early 1970s. The school was renamed in 2005 to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar.
Waymouth, David (1999). Downton: 7000 Years of an English Village. Downton: Downton Millennial Book Fund. ISBN 0-9536109-0-X.
Downton community website by the Downton Society
Downton Parish Council
Images from the Downton group on Flickr
The following United States Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Port Republic of the American Civil War. The Confederate order of battle is listed separately.
MG = Major General
BG = Brigadier General
Col = Colonel
Ltc = Lieutenant Colonel
Maj = Major
Cpt = Captain
MG Irvin McDowell (not present)
BG Erastus B. Tyler
June 9, 1862 - Battle of Port Republic, Va. The War of the Rebellion: A Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies. United States War Department.  Volume XII, Chapter XXIV, pp. 717–791.  (1885)
Payne v Cave (1789) 3 TR 148 is an old English contract law case, which stands for the proposition that an auctioneer's request for bids is not an offer but an invitation to treat. The bidders make the offers which can be accepted by the auctioneer.
Mr Cave had made the highest bid for a good in an auction. But then, Mr Cave changed his mind and he withdrew his bid before the auctioneer brought down his hammer. 
It was held that Mr. Cave, the defendant, was not bound to purchase the goods. His bid amounted to an offer which he was entitled to withdraw at any time before the auctioneer signified acceptance by knocking down the hammer. Note: The common law
rule laid down in this case has now been codified in many countries in variations of the Sale of Goods Act, e.g. UK 1979 s57(2).
The court held that Mr Cave was entitled to withdraw his offer at any time before the auctioneer accepted it. The auctioneer's request for bids was an invitation to treat, and each bid constituted an offer which could be withdrawn at any time until it's accepted, and finally, the fall of the auctioneer's hammer constituted acceptance of the highest bid.
Barry v Davies qualified Payne by ruling that if the auction is advertised as being "without a reserve price", then the auctioneer is bound to sell to the highest bona fide bidder (and not the seller himself, as attempted in Warlow v Harrison). Also, the Sale of Goods Act 1979, s 57 states that if an auction is held without any reserve, then the auctioneer must accept the highest bid (this was subsequently applied in Barry v Davies).
In opening a contract class at Harvard in the autumn of 1870, Professor Christopher Columbus Langdell, instead of the traditional didactic approach of lecturing a hall of students, pointed to a student and asked, “Mr Fox, will you state the facts of Payne v Cave?”, then, “Mr Rawle will you give the plaintiff’s argument?” He replied to answers, in Socratic style, with “could you suggest a reason?”. This became known as the case method of legal study, that is followed around most of the common law world today.
Invitatio ad offerendum
Upgrade & Afterlife is the fourth studio album by American indie rock band Gastr del Sol, released on June 17, 1996 by Drag City.The album cover is Wasserstiefel (Water Boots) by Swiss artist Roman Signer.
Pitchfork writer Nitsuh Abebe characterized Upgrade & Afterlife as a post-rock album where "folk and avant-garde abstract each other into something warm, minimal, and slanted"."Our Exquisite Replica of "Eternity"" contains a sample of the score from the 1957 science fiction film The Incredible Shrinking Man. The title of the track is derived from the name of a cheap perfume marketed in public bathroom vending machines."Dry Bones in the Valley (I Saw the Light Come Shining 'Round and 'Round)" is a cover of a John Fahey song, and features Tony Conrad on violin. According to David Grubbs, the idea of having Conrad play on "Dry Bones in the Valley" came to fruition after a Gastr del Sol show in Atlanta, where Grubbs observed Conrad "literally dancing with excitement" while Jim O'Rourke played the song alone onstage as an encore.Several sources misidentify track 3 as "The Sea Uncertain". This title, correctly rendered, appears to refer playfully both to a track on Gastr's previous full-length release titled "The C in Cake" and to one of Gastr percussionist John McEntire's other bands, The Sea and Cake, a moniker derived from McEntire's mishearing of that title.
All tracks are written by David Grubbs and Jim O'Rourke, except where noted.
Upgrade & Afterlife at Discogs (list of releases)
MiNT Camera is a company specializing in the Polaroid instant film cameras and its accessories. Founded in 2009, it provides products and services for instant photography. Its principal activities are the refurbishment and repair of Polaroid cameras, with two MiNT Polaroid Warranty Centers located in Causeway Bay and Kwun Tong, Hong Kong. MiNT Camera has partnered with Impossible Project, a manufacturer of instant photographic materials.In 2015, MiNT Camera released the InstantFlex TL70, a twin lens reflex instant camera that uses Fuji instax mini film.
MiNT started as an online store in 2009. Six months later MiNT opened their first retail store, located in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. Later on, their first SX-70 warranty and repair center was established in Kwun Tong. MiNT became an official Impossible Project Partner Store in 2011.
In 2011, MiNT released an electronic flash bar, compatible with all Polaroid folding and box-type SX-70-type cameras. The flash has a half-power setting for 600 film and a full power setting for SX-70 film. If desired, users can choose half power mode and use 600 film with their SX-70 cameras. Aperture changes depending on the focusing distance while the flash output stays the same.
The second generation was released in 2013 with improved charging time and an auto-sleep function. It can be used with color filters and provides a sync port to trigger external flashes.  
The MiNT Lens Set was also released in the same year. It can be used with any Polaroid SX-70 camera. The set includes an ND filter, blue filter, yellow filter, close-up lens and a fisheye lens to create different effects. Since Polaroid Originals (Impossible Project) film will exhibit red or yellow colour casts under bright sunlight and hot weather, using a blue filter will correct the white balance to a more natural colour. The yellow filter is used with black & white film to increase image contrast.
Ultimate Flagship built using the vintage Polaroid SX-70 cameras. SLR670-S comes with a Time Machine which enables you to set manual shutter speed. This is the most advanced and the only Polaroid that can set manual shutter speed with automatic ISO selection. ISO 640 when Time Machine is removed or under Auto 600 mode. Automatically switch to ISO 160 when under Auto 100 mode.
SLR670a combines features of the SX-70 and SLR680 Polaroid cameras. It works with both 600 film and SX-70 film.
The Polaroid SX-70 does not provide full manual control over exposure. SLR670m comes with the 'Time Machine', which enables manual control over shutter speed. MiNT re-designed the camera motherboard to provide a port of communication for the Time Machine. Shutter speeds on Time Machine range from 1s to 1/2000s plus bulb, time and auto exposure. The Time Machine only works with the SLR670m produced by MiNT, the standard Polaroid SX-70 will not respond to the Time Machine. ISO 160 when Time Machine is removed, or under Auto mode.
In 2015, MiNT released a twin lens reflex instant camera called InstantFlex TL70. It uses Fuji instax mini film with a size of 54 x 86 mm. A year later, TL70 2.0 was released with the 5 times brighter Fresnel Super Viewfinder upgrade, 32% larger magnifier, and improved shutter and aperture mechanism.
Official website
The Mijonju Show Unboxing
Bigheadtaco TL70 Teaser
Clark Robert Smith is a pioneering innovator in the wine industry. He is largely respected for his contributions to winemakers and the wine industry of California and worldwide. He has built many successful brands, consults on five continents, judges wines at several competitions  and teaches winemaking in six universities.
Clark's parent's met at MIT. His father an Aviation Engineer earned a presidential commendation from Ronald Reagan for helping to build engines for the Apollo spacecraft. Clark's early life years were spent growing up on the East Coast, and Birmingham, Alabama where he attended the private school Indian Springs School. Clark has said this has impacted his ability to be a good writer. Clark attended MIT briefly, declined program completion, and went on to graduate as a top student and memorable pupil at U. C. Davis (1977–1983). Smith served as the founding winemaker for The R. H. Phillips Vineyard for its first seven years, taking it from 3,000 cases per year to 250,000. He implemented night time harvesting and published ground-breaking research on vineyard variables affecting wine quality. After spending the 1970s retailing wine in the East Bay, he began his winemaking career as cellarmaster for VeederCrest.
In 1990, he began Vinovation, which became the world's largest winemaking consulting company with over 1200 clients around the world. Clark developed a postmodern winemaking system which rejects the solution chemistry model of winemaking and instead centers on building structure, integrating aroma, and promoting living soils. His Postmodern Winemaking from U.C. Press was named Wine and Spirits Magazine's 2013 Book Of The Year.
In the 1990s, Smith went on to patent  reverse osmosis  methods for alcohol removal and
volatile acidity correction, founding the world’s largest wine technology provider, Vinovation, and pioneering the implementation in American winemaking of micro-oxygenation, ultrafiltration, tartrate stabilization through electrodialysis, alternatives to sterile filtration. Smith sold Vinovation and its technology. Smith has been busy writing on postmodern winemaking, which rejects the solution chemistry model of winemaking and the reductionist approach to sensory evaluation, instead centering on structural integrity, aromatic integration, graceful longevity and soulful resonance with the environment in which wine is consumed. These realms have opened inquiries into living soils, vine balance, proper maturity, co-extraction, uses of oxygen, balancing reduction, minerality, microbial balance, and the relationship of wine and music. "Wine is not science, it's cuisine – the ultimate slow food."[Quote: Clark Robert Smith]
Smith is recognized as a leading authority on the enhancement of wine structure and a vocal
proponent of living soil. His popular class on Fundamentals of Wine Chemistry has been attended by over 4,000 participants since 1984. David Darlington’s biography of him in Wine & Spirits magazine won the James Beard award. He directs the Best of Appellation wine evaluations for AppellationAmerica.com, writes a monthly column, “The Postmodern Winemaker,” for Wines and Vines magazine, and is an adjunct faculty member at California State University at Fresno and Florida International University. He was awarded "Innovator of the Year" by Wine Business Monthly magazine at their IQ Conference in March 2016.
Clark is often quoted as talking about finding the sweet spot in a wine. Which is the point at which "wine" has achieved its taste and aroma or "nose". This is determined by the Alcohol percentage in the wine.
In 1993, Smith started WineSmith.com to explore a range of California terroirs with Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay and Roman Syrah made according to European principles. A long drive practicing wine maker Clark began making the wines for Diamond Ridge Vineyards in 2007, of a unique high altitude site in Lake County. Clark is an editor and contributing writer to many Wine related topics and Magazines. Clark is a contributing Writer, Columnist and Editor for Appellation America, Wine and Vines Magazine “The Postmodern Winemaker”. Clark has worked in six Universities and Colleges as an adjunct lecturer. He has taught courses for over 20yrs, at University of California at Davis, Napa Valley College, Fresno State University, Southwest Missouri State University, Florida International University  and L'Academie du Vin in Tokyo.
In recent years, Smith has become increasingly interested in the study of the relationship of
wine and music cognition. A composer and vocalist, He sings baritone for the men's chorus Sonoma Chanson, was elected President for 2017 of the Redwood Chordsmen, and sings baritone in the barbershop quartet, "Sound Logic." He is currently engaged in the production of a CD of original songs about real life in the Wine Industry. He resides in Santa Rosa, California.
Santa Eulalia District is one of thirty-two districts of the province Huarochirí in Peru.
Paulette Libermann (14 November 1919 – 10 July 2007) was a French mathematician, specializing in differential geometry.
Libermann was one of three sisters born to a family of Russian-Ukrainian Jewish immigrants to Paris. She began her studies in 1938 at the École normale supérieure de jeunes filles, a college in Sèvres for training women to become teachers, but was prevented from taking the agrégation and becoming a teacher because of anti-Jewish laws instituted by the German occupation. Instead, she began doing research under the supervision of Élie Cartan. In 1942, she and her family escaped Paris for Lyon, where they hid from the Nazis for two years. After the liberation of Paris in 1944, she returned to Sèvres and completed her studies.
She taught briefly in Douai, and then after two years of study with J. H. C. Whitehead at Oxford University she returned to a teaching position in Strasbourg. But at the encouragement of Cartan she continued her research, publishing her first paper in 1949, leaving her school for a research position at the Centre national de la recherche scientifique in 1951, and completing a doctoral thesis in symplectic geometry in 1953 under the supervision of Charles Ehresmann. She obtained a faculty position at the University of Rennes, and moved to the University of Paris in 1966. When the university split in 1968, she moved to Paris Diderot University, from which she retired in 1986.
A Cursive Memory was an American rock band, from Southern California who released an EP and two albums in the period 2006 to 2012.
The band originally formed under the name 'Sincerely Me' in 2003 after band members met at a birthday party. They started off playing covers of some of their favorite bands, such as blink-182 and Jimmy Eat World, but eventually grew to write their own original songs and adopted the name A Cursive Memory.Over the course of the next few years, the band built up a small local fan base and self-released their first EP, A Cursive Memory. It featured the original version of The Piano Song. In 2005 the band self-released the Lights, Camera, Action EP. Although they did not tour outside of their local scene, as all of the members were still in high school, they were signed by Bunim/Murray Productions. The song Club Revolution Remix was featured on an episode of The Real World.
The band spent 2006 and 2007 writing new material for their debut album, Changes. They were also featured in an episode of The Simple Life where a clip of their song "Perfect Company" was played. In the spring of 2007, the band was featured on the season finale of The Simple Life where they played the song 'Perfect Company'. They also joined Hellogoodbye as support on some of their west coast tour dates. Soon after, Bolen left the band to start his own band Enter the Paradox. Upon graduation, the remaining three-piece signed with Santa Monica-based Vagrant Records. In October 2007, they put out the Respeck! EP, which featured four new songs and a remix of Perfect Company. Eventually, the band recruited Dillan Wheeler on drums, while the former drummer moved to rhythm guitar.The debut album, Changes, was released on Vagrant on February 19, 2008 and features reworked versions of previously released material. To promote the single 'Everything', the band shot a video while following paparazzi around Los Angeles and it featured appearances of a large number of celebrities. The video created an Internet buzz and appeared on Fox News, TMZ.com, E! Online, The N and in the top 10 of MTV's Total Request Live countdown. A second video for the single 'Perfect Company' was filmed on the Alaskan frontier.
The band embarked on a co-headlining tour with The Medic Droid across the United States in support of their debut album, Changes, including an appearance at The Bamboozle Left festival. They also appeared on a leg of the Warped Tour in 2008 in 2008 and 2009.The band played the Bamboozle roadshow while spending much of the year recording their second album. In September 2010, they released their new album Let Love In preceded by the single "Wondering". The album was produced by Matt Mahaffey and self-released.
A Cursive Memory (2005) self-released
Light Camera Action (2006) self-released
Respeck! EP (2007) Vagrant
Changes (2008), Vagrant
Let Love In (2010), Vagrant
A Cursive Memory on Myspace
A Cursive Memory at AllMusic
Two Bridges is a settlement in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, 4 miles (6 km) west-southwest of Launceston at the point where the A30 trunk road crosses the River Inny.
The Westminster Presbyterian Church in the United States (WPCUS) is a small Presbyterian denomination which was constituted in January 2006 in Lansdowne, Pennsylvania. The founding churches separated from their former denominations and came together because of perceived equivocation on central Protestant doctrines and because of tolerance of perceived excesses in worship practices in other Presbyterian denominations. The founders were particularly concerned with the perceived spread of liberal teaching within Presbyterianism in the United States and in particular with Federal Vision theology, which they believe supplies a different understanding of doctrines such as justification and the perseverance of the saints.The WPCUS strictly subscribes to the Westminster Standards (The Westminster Confession of Faith, the Larger Catechism, the Shorter Catechism, the Directory of Public Worship, the Directory for Family Worship, and the Form of Presbyterian Church Government) as they were originally adopted by the Church of Scotland (1645–48) and the colonies of North America (1716).
Regarding its doctrine, the WPCUS:
rejects all perceived variations from the Westminster Standards on the doctrine of justification by grace alone through faith alone.
adheres to young earth creationism in which creation took place within the space of six 24-hour days.
believes in complementarianism and rejects the ordination of women to church offices (elder and deacon).
adheres to and teaches that all nations have a moral obligation explicitly to recognize Jesus as king and supreme lawgiver in their constitutions, courts, legislatures, etc. and that the civil government has the duty to legislate in conformity with God’s moral law summarized in the Ten Commandments. Consequently, they work for the restoration of the establishment of the Christian faith in the United States and reject religious pluralism, secularism, and governmental authority that is not divinely mandated in accordance with their understanding of the Westminster Standards and the principles of the Solemn League and Covenant. (Compare Covenanting and Established Church.)Additionally, the WPCUS adheres to the following distinctives related to public worship:
A strict interpretation of the regulative principle of worship;
The exclusive use of the biblical Psalter for public worship, unaccompanied by musical instruments ;
The rejection of the ecclesiastical calendar and holy days;
The rejection of traditional prayer books and liturgies.
The Westminster Presbyterian Church in the United States, the official website
The Westminster Guardian, the denomination's online magazine
Kat Burns is a Canadian musician known as KASHKA and previously as songwriter/vocalist of Forest City Lovers. She is also an accomplished visual artist and voice over actor.Burns led folk-pop band Forest City Lovers from 2006-2012, releasing three full-length albums and one vinyl single with the band before their indefinite hiatus. In 2010, she started KASHKA as a side project and has since taken it on full-time. She has released two full-length albums and a number of singles under the KASHKA moniker. Burns is also involved in community organisations  Girls Rock Camp Toronto and SKETCH.
KASHKARelax (2017)
Port William Instrumentals (2017)
Heavy Ghost single (2016)
Bones EP (2014)
Bound (2013)
Vichada (2012)Forest City LoversThe Sun and the Wind (2006)
Haunting Moon Sinking (2008)
Phodilus & Tyto (2009)
Carriage (2010)Kat BurnsFor the Birds (2005)Guest appearances"Don't Go, Please" by Forest City Lovers on the  Friends In Bellwoods compilation (Out of This Spark, 2007)
"Minneapolis" by Forest City Lovers on the  Friends In Bellwoods II compilation (Out of This Spark, 2009)
KASHKABody Like Lead (2015) directed by Stephanie Markowitz.
Salmon Arms (Acoustic) (2014) directed by Kat Burns.
Never Had It (2013) directed by Daniel Tahmazian.
Bloodlines (2013) directed by Adam Seward.
Winter Light' (2012) directed by Kat Burns.
Vichada (2012) directed by Kat Burns.Forest City LoversSong for Morrie (2007) directed by  Stuart A. McIntyre
Pirates (2008) directed by Kat Burns.
Tell Me, Cancer (2010) directed by Ryan Marr.
If I Were A Tree (2010) co-directed by Jared Raab and Colin Medley
Keep the Kids Inside (2011) directed by Isotoica
KASHKASoundclash Music Awards 2013 (finalist) Forest City LoversVerge Music Awards Artist of the Year 2011 (nominee)
Verge Music Awards Album of the Year 2011 (nominee)
Nodipecten is a genus of large scallops, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pectinidae, the scallops. These scallops often have attractive, strongly colored, thick shells. The generic name Nodipecten means "nodular scallop", because in this genus the shell is usually sculpted with regular, very large nodes.
Species within the genus Nodipecten include: 
Nodipecten arthriticus (Reeve, 1853)
Nodipecten fragosus (Conrad, 1849)
Nodipecten magnificus (Sowerby I, 1835)
Nodipecten nodosus (Linnaeus, 1758) — lion's paw scallop
Nodipecten subnodosus (Sowerby I, 1835)
The economy of Botswana is currently one of the world's fastest growing economies, averaging about 5% per annum over the past decade. Growth in private sector employment averaged about 10% per annum during the first 30 years of the country's independence. After a period of stagnation at the turn of the 21st century, Botswana's economy registered strong levels of growth, with GDP growth exceeding 6-7% targets. Botswana has been praised by the African Development Bank for sustaining one of the world's longest economic booms. Economic growth since the late 1960s has been on par with some of Asia's largest economies. The government has consistently maintained budget surpluses and has extensive foreign-exchange reserves.Botswana's sharp economic record compared to some of its neighbors has been built on a foundation of diamond mining, prudent fiscal policies, international financial and technical assistance, and a cautious foreign policy. Botswana's economy is mostly dependent on diamond mining. Diamond mining contributes to 50% of the government revenue mainly through its 50:50 joint venture with De Beers in Debswana Diamond Company. It is rated as the least corrupt country in Africa in the Corruption Perceptions Index by international corruption watchdog Transparency International. It has the fourth highest gross national income per capita in purchasing power in Africa and above the world average.Trade unions represent a minority of workers in the Botswana economy. In general they are loosely organised "in-house" unions, although the Botswana Federation of Trade Unions (BFTU) is consolidating its role as the sole national trade union centre in the country.Although Botswana's economy is considered a model for countries in the region, its heavy dependence on mining and its high rate of HIV/AIDS infection (one in every three adults is seropositive) and unemployment could threaten its success in the future.
Agriculture still provides a livelihood for 70% of the rural population but supplies only about 50% of food needs and accounted for only 1.8% of GDP as of 2016. Subsistence farming and cattle raising predominate. The sector is plagued by erratic rainfall and poor soils. Tourism is also important to the economy. Substantial mineral deposits were found in the 1970s and the mining sector grew from 25% of GDP in 1980 to 38% in 1998. Unemployment officially stands 21% but unofficial estimates place it closer to 40%. The Orapa 2000 project doubled the capacity of the country's main diamond mine in early 2000. This will be the main force behind continued economic expansion.
Economic growth slowed in 2005-2008 and turned negative in 2009 as a result of the Great Recession, contracting by 5.2%. This was exacerbated by a major global downturn in the industrial sector, which shrank by 30%, Botswana's steep economic downturn contrasted with most other African nations which experienced continued growth through this period.Some of Botswana's budget deficits can be traced to relatively high military expenditures (about 4% of GDP in 2004, according to the CIA World Factbook). Some critics have criticized this level of military spending, given the low likelihood of international conflict, but these troops are also used for multilateral operations and assistance efforts.
Botswana is part of the Southern African Customs Union (SACU) with South Africa, Lesotho, Swaziland, and Namibia. The World Bank reports that in 2001 (the most recent year for which World Bank data is available), the SACU had a weighted average common external tariff rate of 3.6%. According to the U.S. Department of Commerce, "there are very few tariff or non-tariff barriers to trade with Botswana, apart from restrictions on licensing for some business operations, which are reserved for [Botswana] companies." Based on the revised trade factor methodology, Botswana's trade policy score is unchanged.The main export of Botswana is diamonds. As of 2017 it is the world's second largest producer of diamonds after Russia. Due to Botswana's heavy reliance on diamonds, strong global demand is vital to the health of the economy. Diamond exports provide Botswana's economy with strong supplies of foreign exchange and have offered a basis for industrial development and stimulated improvements in Botswana's infrastructure. However, despite their preeminent role in Botswana's economy, there are concerns that diamond mines are not labour-intensive enough to provide sufficient employment for Botswana's workforce, and this mismatch has been cited as a factor in the country's structurally high unemployment rate.
Two large mining companies, Debswana (formed by the government and South Africa's De Beers in equal partnership) and Bamangwato Concessions, Ltd. (BCL, also with substantial government equity participation) operate in the country. BCL was placed in provisional liquidation in late 2016, following years of loss-making operations, and was placed into final liquidation by the High Court in June 2017.
Since early 1980s, the country has been one of the world's largest producers of gem diamonds. Four large diamond mines have opened since independence. De Beers prospectors discovered diamonds in northern Botswana in the early 1970s. The first mine began production at Orapa in 1972, followed by a smaller mine at Letlhakane. What has become the single richest diamond mine in the world opened in Jwaneng in 1982. The mine was discovered when termites looking for water brought grains of diamond to the surface. Botswana produced a total of over 30 million carats (6,000 kg) of diamonds (about 25% of worldwide production) from the three Debswana mines in 1999, and is the highest producer of diamonds by value in the world. According to Debswana, the Orapa 2000 Expansion project increathe Orapa's mine annual output from 6 million carats to 12 million carats and raised total production to 26 million carats. In 2003, Debswana opened the Damtshaa diamond mine about 220 kilometers (140 mi) west of the city of Francistown. The mine was placed into care and maintenance in December 2015 due to weak global demand but was scheduled to reopen in January 2018.In 2008, Australia's Kimberley Diamond Company opened a mine in Lerala, Botswana's fifth mine and the first not operated by Debswana. However, Kimberley shut down the mine in May 2017, citing weak market conditions.Most (70%) of Botswana's electricity is imported from South Africa's Eskom. 80% of domestic production is concentrated in one plant, Morupule Power Station near Palapye, operated by the Botswana Power Corporation. Debswana operates the nearby Morupule Colliery to supply coal to it. The Morupule mine exports coal to Zimbabwe, Zambia and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In early 2008, the entire southern African region was hit hard by massive shortages of power, since the region works to share its power resources through the Southern African Power Pool, with most of its capacity coming from South Africa. Botswana has in turn put in place plans to become a net exporter of power to the regional pool, through governmental expansion of the Morupule power station, as well as encouraging private investment in the form of a 4 gigawatt power station by the Canadian greenfield company CIC Energy. In 2012, CIC Energy was acquired by India's Jindal Steel and Power. Jindal Africa currently aims to operate three surface mines in the coalfields of Mmamabula, as well as a power plant. According to the company, "the mine’s development will meet the demands of 600MW power stations and export region coal markets, with the potential to employ more than 2,000 people."Botswana also produces soda ash through Botash, a joint venture between the government and South Africa's Chlor-Alkali Holdings (CAH) Group. Botash has been operating in the Sua Pan in northeastern Botswana since April 1991. Production of soda ash is estimated at around 420,000 per annum and is exported to South Africa, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Malawi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 Tourism is an increasingly important industry in Botswana, accounting for almost 12% of GDP. One of the world's unique ecosystems, the Okavango Delta, is located in Botswana. The country offers excellent game viewing and birding both in the Delta and in the Chobe National Park—home to one of the largest herds of free-ranging elephants in the world. Botswana's Central Kalahari Game Reserve also offers good game viewing and some of the most remote and unspoiled wilderness in southern Africa.
A number of national parks and game reserves, with their abundant wildlife and wetlands, are major tourist attractions. The wildlife, including lions, brown hyenas, cheetahs, leopards, wild dogs and antelope, was described in great detail in the best-selling book Cry of the Kalahari by Mark and Delia Owens.
The main safari destinations for tourism are Moremi Game Reserve in the Okavango Delta, and Chobe National Park. Botswana is also participating in community-based natural resource management projects by trying to involve villagers in tourism. One example is the village of Khwai and its Khwai Development Trust.
Botswana was the setting for the 1980 movie The Gods Must Be Crazy, although the movie was mostly filmed in South Africa.
The seventh season of The Amazing Race visited Botswana. Tourism has been stimulated by the series of detective novels by Alexander McCall Smith and the American dramatisation that followed them.
More than half of Botswana live in rural areas and are dependent on subsistence crop and livestock farming, together with money sent home by relatives in urban areas. Agriculture meets only a small portion of food needs and contributes just 2.8% to GDP—primarily through beef exports—but it remains a social and cultural touchstone. Cattle raising dominated Botswana's social and economic life before independence. The Botswana Meat Commission (BMC) has a monopoly on beef production. The national herd was about 2.5 million in the mid-1990s, though the government-ordered slaughter of the entire herd in Botswana's north-west Ngamiland District in 1995 has reduced the number by at least 200,000. The slaughter was ordered to prevent the spread of "cattle lung disease" to other parts of the country.
Only about 0.7% of total land area is arable. Crop production is hampered by traditional farming methods, recurrent drought, erosion, and disease. Most of the land under cultivation is in the eastern region. The principal crops for domestic use are sorghum, corn, and millet. Sorghum and maize production in 2004 were 32,000 tons and 10,000 tons, respectively. The sorghum and maize harvests comprise less than 10% of the annual requirement of 250,000 tons. In 2004, Botswana's agricultural imports (primarily cereals) exceeded agricultural exports by $102.5 million. Grain
is often imported from South Africa. Smaller quantities of cowpeas, beans, and other pulses are also grown. The 2004 output of all these crops was about 20,000 tons; in addition, 16,000 tons of vegetables and 10,000 tons of fruit were grown.
Agricultural research has been devoted to soil conservation, grazing experiments, and developing and distributing improved strains of grain. The construction of dams and the drilling of boreholes to tap underground water are continuing government programmes. In early 1990, the government changed its official agricultural policy to emphasise the production only of those foodstuffs that can be raised economically. The Arable Lands Development Programme and the Tribal Grazing Land Policy are government programmes designed to help farmers in communal areas.
Botswana produced, in 2018:
102 thousand tons of root and tubers;
46 thousand tons of vegetable;
17 thousand tons of sorghum;
13 thousand tons of maize;
8 thousand tons of cabbage;
6 thousand tons of onion;
5 thousand tons of tomato;In addition to smaller productions of other agricultural products.
Botswana seeks to diversify its economy away from minerals, the earnings from which have levelled off. In 1998–99, non-mineral sectors of the economy grew at 8.9%, partially offsetting a slight 4.4% decline in the minerals sector. Foreign investment and management have been welcomed in Botswana.
External investment in Botswana has grown fitfully. In the early 1990s, two American companies, Owens Corning and H.J. Heinz, made major investments in production facilities in Botswana. In 1997, the St. Paul Group purchased Botswana Insurance, one of the country's leading short-term insurance provideThe. An American Business Council (ABC), with over 30 member companies, was inaugurated in 1995.
Hyundai operated a car assembly plant in Botswana from 1994 to 2000.
Botswana seeks to further diversify its economy away from minerals, which account for a quarter of GDP, down from nearly half of GDP in the early 1990s. Foreign investment and management are welcomed in Botswana and, as a result, the financial and services sectors have increased at an exponential rate in the 2000s to replace mining as the leading industry. Botswana abolished foreign exchange controls in 1999, has a low corporate tax rate (15%), no prohibitions on foreign ownership of companies, and a moderate inflation rate (7.6% November 2004).
The government considers private-sector participation as being critical to the success of the country's Tenth National Development Plan (2009–2016) and enhancing the role of research and development as being the most effective way to nurture entrepreneurship and private-sector growth. The government is considering additional policies to enhance competitiveness, including a new Foreign Direct Investment Strategy, Competition Policy, Privatisation Master Plan and National Export Development Strategy.Botswana is known to have vast coal deposits making it possibly one of the most coal-rich countries in the world. Large coal mines, massive coal-fired power plants, as well as a coals to liquid plant (through the Fischer-Tropsch process) to produce synthetic automotive fuel have been planned.
With its proven record of good economic governance, Botswana was ranked as Africa's least corrupt country by Transparency International in 2004, ahead of many European and Asian countries. The World Economic Forum rates Botswana as one of the two most economically competitive nations in Africa. In 2004 Botswana was once again assigned "A" grade credit ratings by Moody's and Standard & Poor's. This ranks Botswana as by far the best credit risk in Africa and puts it on par with or above many countries in central Europe, East Asia, and Latin America.
U.S. investment in Botswana remains at relatively low levels but continues to grow. Major U.S. corporations, such as H.J. Heinz and AON Corporation, are present through direct investments, while others, such as Kentucky Fried Chicken and Remax, are present via franchise. The sovereign credit ratings by Moody's and Standard & Poor's clearly indicate that, despite continued challenges such as small market size, landlocked location, and cumbersome bureaucratic processes, Botswana remains one of the best investment opportunities in the developing world. Botswana has a 90-member American Business Council that accepts membership from American-affiliated companies.
Due to its history and geography, Botswana has long had deep ties to the economy of South Africa. The Southern Africa Customs Union (SACU), comprising Botswana, Lesotho, Swaziland, and South Africa, dates from 1910, and is the world's oldest customs union. Namibia joined in 1990. Under this arrangement, South Africa has collected levies from customs, sales, and excise duties for all five members, sharing out proceeds based on each country's portion of imports. The exact formula for sharing revenues and the decision-making authority over duties—held exclusively by the Government of South Africa—became increasingly controversial, and the members renegotiated the arrangement in 2001. The new structure has now been formally ratified and a SACU Secretariat has been established in Windhoek, Namibia. Following South Africa's accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO), Botswana also joined; many of the SACU duties are thus declining, making products from outside the area more competitive in Botswana. Currently, the SACU countries and the U.S. are negotiating a free trade agreement. Botswana is currently also negotiating a free trade agreement with Mercosur and an Economic Partnership Agreement with the European Union as part of SADC.
Gaborone is host to the headquarters of the fourteen-nation Southern African Development Community (SADC), a successor to the Southern African Development Coordination Conference (SADCC, established in 1980), which focused its efforts on freeing regional economic development from dependence on apartheid South Africa. SADC embraced the newly democratic South Africa as a member in 1994 and has a broad mandate to encourage growth, development, and economic integration in Southern Africa. SADC's Trade Protocol, which was launched on 1 September 2000, calls for the elimination of all tariff and non-tariff barriers to trade by 2008 among the 11 signatory countries. If successful, it will give Botswana companies free access to the far larger regional market. SADC's failure to distance itself from the Mugabe government in Zimbabwe has diminished the number of opportunities for cooperation between the U.S. and SADC.
Botswana has successfully carried an Action Programme on the Elimination of Child Labour, which was adopted in the period 2006–2007. Free the Children delisted Botswana as a nation harbouring child-labour facilities in 2008.
Botswana has a growing financial sector, and the country's national stock market, the Botswana Stock Exchange (BSE), based in Gaborone, is given the responsibility to operate and regulate the equities and fixed interest securities market. Formally established in 1989, the BSE continues to be pivotal to Botswana's financial system, and in particular the capital market, as an avenue on which government, quasi-government and the private sector can raise debt and equity capital. Although the BSE has just under 40 companies listed, it plays host to the most pre-eminent companies doing business in Botswana. These companies represent a spectrum of industries and commerce, from Banking and financial services to Wholesaling and Retailing, Tourism and Information Technology.
To date, the BSE is one of Africa's best performing stock exchanges, averaging 24% aggregate return in the past decade. This has allowed the BSE to be the third largest stock exchange, in terms of market capitalisation, in Southern Africa.
Given Botswana's lack of exchange controls, stable currency and exceptionally performing stock market, the financial sector has attracted a host of global investors seeking better returns.
Botswana's currency, the pula, is fully convertible and is valued against a basket of currencies heavily weighted toward the South African Rand. Profits and direct investment can be repatriated without restriction from Botswana. The Botswana Government eliminated all exchange controls in 1999. The Central Bank devalued the Pula by 7.5% in February 2004 in a bid to maintain export competitiveness against the real appreciation of the Pula. There was a further 12% devaluation in May 2005 and the policy of a "Crawling peg" was adopted.
The recently established Non-Bank Financial Institutions Regulatory Authority (NBFIRA) is responsible for the oversight of all non-banking financial services entities in the country. As of 2005, about 54% of Botswana's population had access to formal or informal financial services, and 43% is banked (with access to at least one formal banking product). The overall access ratio is still low, especially in rural areas, where there are 3.8 branches and 73 ATMs per 100,000 people. Mobile banking services have just started to be offered. In recent years the government and Central Bank have undertaken serious steps to modernize the country's payment system infrastructure. These efforts included the establishment of a code-line clearing system for the exchange of cheques and electronic funds as well as a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system, including SWIFT connection. The stock exchange implemented a Central Securities Depository in 2007. Remittance Flows for Botswana amounted to US$117 million in 2007, a figure that is higher than the total net value of official development assistance.Gaborone is host to the headquarters of the 14-nation Southern African Development Community (SADC). A successor to the Southern African Development Coordination Conference (SADCC), which focused its efforts on freeing regional economic development from dependence on apartheid in South Africa, SADC embraced the newly democratic South Africa as a member in 1994 and has a broad mandate to encourage growth, development, and economic integration in Southern Africa. SADC's Trade Protocol, which was launched on 1 September 2000, calls for the elimination of all tariff and non-tariff barriers to trade by 2012 among the 11 signatory countries. If successful, it will give Botswana companies free access to the far larger regional market. The Regional Centre for Southern Africa (RCSA), which implements the U.S. Agency for International Development's (USAID) Initiative for Southern Africa (ISA), is headquartered in Gaborone as well.
The following table shows the main economic indicators in 1980–2017.
Botswana
Education in Botswana
List of Botswana companies
Science and technology in Botswana
United Nations Economic Commission for Africa
Economy of Botswana at Curlie
Botswana latest trade data on ITC Trade Map
MBendi Botswana overview
In electrical power engineering,  fault ride through (FRT), sometimes under-voltage ride through (UVRT), or low voltage ride through (LVRT), is the capability of electric generators to stay connected in short periods of lower electric network voltage (cf. voltage dip). It is needed at distribution level (wind parks, PV systems, distributed cogeneration, etc.) to prevent a short circuit at HV or EHV level from causing a widespread loss of generation. Similar requirements for critical loads such as computer systems and industrial processes are often handled through the use of an uninterruptible power supply (UPS) or capacitor bank to supply make-up power during these events.
Many generator designs use electric current flowing through windings to produce the magnetic field on which the motor or generator operates. This is in contrast to designs that use permanent magnets to generate this field instead. Such devices may have a minimum working voltage, below which the device does not work correctly, or does so at greatly reduced efficiency. Some will disconnect themselves from the circuit when these conditions apply. The effect is more pronounced in doubly-fed induction generators (DFIG), which have two sets of powered magnetic windings, than in squirrel-cage induction generators which have only one. Synchronous generators may slip and become unstable, if the voltage of the stator winding goes below a certain threshold.
In a grid containing many distributed generators subject to disconnection at under voltage, it is possible to cause a chain reaction that takes other generators offline as well. This can occur in the event of a voltage dip that causes one of the generators to disconnect from the grid. As voltage dips are often caused by too little generation for the load in a distribution grid, removing generation can cause the voltage to drop further. This may bring the voltage down enough to cause another generator to trip, lower the voltage even further, and may cause a cascading failure.
Modern large-scale wind turbines, typically 1 MW and larger, are normally required to include systems that allow them to operate through such an event, and thereby “ride through” the voltage dip. Similar requirements are now becoming common on large solar power installations that likewise might cause instability in the event of a widespread disconnection of generating units. Depending on the application the device may, during and after the dip, be required to:
disconnect and stay disconnected until manually ordered to reconnect
disconnect temporarily from the grid, but reconnect and continue operation after the dip
stay operational and not disconnect from the grid
stay connected and support the grid with reactive power (defined as the reactive current of the positive sequence of the fundamental)
A variety of standards exist and generally vary across jurisdictions. Examples of the such grid codes are the German BDEW grid code and its supplements 2, 3, and 4 as well as the National Grid Code in UK.
For wind turbines, the FRT testing is described in the standard IEC 61400-21 (2nd edition August 2008). More detailed testing procedures are stated in the German guideline FGW TR3 (Rev. 22). Testing of devices with less than 16 Amp rated current is described in the EMC standard IEC 61000-4-11 and for higher current devices in IEC 61000-4-34.
Voltage dip
Terrence Anthony "Terry" White (born 3 September 1936) is an Australian pharmacist, businessman, and former politician. White achieved notoriety when, as Queensland state leader of the Liberal Party he terminated the longstanding coalition agreement between the Liberal Party and the National Party of Joh Bjelke-Petersen. In the ensuing election, the Liberals were badly defeated, and White was replaced as party leader. After leaving politics, he established a nationwide chain of pharmacies using a franchise model and became a widely respected businessman.
In 2012, White was a recipient of the Queensland Greats Awards.
White was born in 1936, and received his initial education at the Sisters of Mercy convent in Sandgate, and St. Columban's at Albion. White showed ambition from a young age, attempting to enrol himself at Nudgee College without telling his parents so that he could receive a good education.  White's working-class family were unable at first to pay the fees demanded by the school, but eventually White's mechanic father Bill came to an arrangement with the school to waive Terry's fees in exchange for maintaining the college vehicles for free and for providing buses to transport the students to nearby suburbs for sporting events, when required.After high school, White decided on the recommendation of a friend to study pharmacy. White endured 73 interviews with master pharmacists to find a position as an apprentice, before finally receiving a position at a pharmacy in Scarborough. After graduating as a pharmacist in his own right, White purchased a pharmacy at Woody Point in 1958. He later headed overseas, and got his first taste of politics when he worked on the presidential campaign of John F. Kennedy. Upon his return to Australia, he joined the Queensland branch of the Liberal Party of Australia.
White was first elected to parliament on 1 September 1979, at a by-election for the seat of Redcliffe following the retirement of incumbent National Party member Jim Houghton.A small-l liberal, White was not at home with the conservative bent of the National-led government of Joh Bjelke-Petersen, even though he was technically a government backbencher. He advocated seeking senior status for the Liberals in the coalition with the National Party in order to ensure what he described as "responsible democratic government".  In Queensland, the Nationals were traditionally the dominant partner in the non-Labor coalition, a reverse of the situation in the rest of Australia.  White fell in with a group of MPs known as the "ginger group".  This group disagreed with Bjelke-Petersen and Liberal leader Llew Edwards on a number of issues, including the system of electoral malapportionment in use within Queensland at the time, reducing the power of the National Party in the cabinet, and removing the controversial street march laws in place at the time. Despite many of these views being in opposition to Edwards' views and government policy, White was appointed as the minister for Welfare Services in December 1980, just fifteen months after entering parliament.
Despite his appointment to cabinet, White continued to have frequent differences of opinion with Edwards. Matters came to a head on 4 August 1983, when Liberal MLA Ian Prentice moved a motion to bring forward debate on the establishment of a public accounts committee to monitor government spending. While this had been approved by a resolution at a Liberal party convention, it was bitterly opposed by Bjelke-Petersen and Edwards was not keen to have it debated, for fear of destabilising the coalition. A division was called, and White and the rest of the "ginger group" crossed the floor to vote with the Labor opposition in favour of the motion. White argued that the principle of cabinet solidarity, which would normally compel him to vote against the motion, did not apply in this case because there was no official government policy on the matter.This explanation did not sit well with Edwards, who promptly sacked White as Welfare Minister, with Bjelke-Petersen's vocal and public support.  In response, White called a spill motion in the partyroom to declare the party leadership open. Edwards was unable to defeat this motion, and declined to renominate for the party leadership. White was elected his successor.
Immediately after the spill, White and his new deputy, fellow "ginger group" member Angus Innes, made their way to Bjelke-Petersen's office in the Executive Building to inform him of the new leadership arrangements within the Liberal Party, as well as the need to revise the coalition agreement. Bjelke-Petersen kept the pair waiting outside his office for an hour, in full view of the media, while working on a way to bypass White and the Liberal Party altogether.  Bjelke-Petersen had previously stated that he would not work with Innes, and when he finally admitted White and Innes to his office, he informed them that he would not be appointing White as the deputy premier, as was customary under the existing coalition arrangement.In response, White pulled the Liberals out of the Coalition, leaving Bjelke-Petersen seven seats short of a majority.  He tore up a copy of the press release issued by Bjelke-Petersen explaining his actions, a move that was interpreted by the media at the time as White symbolically tearing up long-standing coalition agreement.  White then led the Liberal MLAs to the crossbench.  However, he never actually had the opportunity to lead the Liberals on the floor of the legislature, because Bjelke-Petersen had some days earlier convinced the governor to indefinitely adjourn Parliament.  Bjelke-Petersen was therefore able to govern for the nine weeks until the 1983 election, free from parliamentary scrutiny and the threat of a no confidence motion.At the election, Bjelke-Petersen targeted his campaign mainly at right-leaning Liberal voters.  He suggested that under White, the Liberals might throw their support behind Labor. The Nationals scored a resounding victory, winning 41 seats in the 82-member parliament, one short of a majority.  The Liberals lost 14 seats, leaving them with only eight MLAs.  Of the 18 seats that were contested by both a National and a Liberal, the Nationals out-polled the Liberals in 15, and of the "ginger group", only White and Innes retained their seats.  They faced the prospect of further blows when Bjelke-Petersen openly invited Liberal MLAs to defect to the Nationals.  Two Liberals, Don Lane and Brian Austin, took up his offer, giving the Nationals an outright majority and leaving only six remaining Liberals.  At the time, White remarked that "The scent of ministerial leather is a powerful aphrodisiac."   That spelled the end of White's leadership, and William Knox was elected to lead the remnants of the party on 3 November. White's term as leader of the Liberal Party had lasted less than three months.White remained in parliament as a Liberal backbencher. He remained a popular MP – for instance, at the 1986 election he swept every booth in his seat. He managed to stay out of the limelight until the Fitzgerald Inquiry. During 1988, he was subjected to numerous depositions about discussions that took place during his time in cabinet. While he was ultimately cleared of wrongdoing, the numerous lawyers and accountants he had to employ ate into his parliamentary salary and nearly brought down his pharmacy business. At the 1989 state election, White was defeated in the massive Labor wave that swept through Queensland.
After leaving parliament, White concentrated once more on his business career, encouraged by his wife Rhonda. He sold his first franchise in 1994, and by 2010 there were over 150 "Terry White Chemists" outlets across the country, the majority of which are owned and operated by franchisees.  White has also served as President of the Pharmacy Guild, and was involved in the founding of the Australian Institute of Pharmacy Management.In 2012, Terry White was appointed Board Chairman of Metro South Hospital and Health Service (HHS), a government statutory body responsible for the management of five public hospitals, as well as a range of other healthcare facilities across the southside of Brisbane.Terry White was inducted into the Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame in 2011, for his significant contribution to the advancement of the pharmacy profession (Terry White Chemists) and to his community.
Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame
In 1880, the British colonial administration of Cyprus created a Gendarmerie force, the Cyprus Military Police (CMP). Popularly known as zaptiehs (from Ottoman Turkish for "policeman", and the designation used for the force that the CMP replaced), this body numbered about 700 men, organised in both mounted and foot units. The force's personnel were predominantly drawn from the minority Turkish Cypriot population, although prior to 1914 about a third were Greek Cypriots. The eight most senior officer positions were normally filled by secondment from the British Army. While trained to undertake some police duties, the force had an essentially military character. Mounted zaptiehs, armed with carbines and sabres, were portrayed in contemporary illustrations patrolling rural roads in twos.
A detachment of mounted zaptiehs participated in Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee celebrations of 1897, where their fezzes and blue and scarlet zouave-style jackets attracted much attention. By 1907 the zouave uniforms had been replaced by khaki drill for ordinary duties, although the fezzes were retained.The role and recruitment basis of the zaptiehs remained essentially unchanged until, in 1935, the Cyprus Military Police lost their quasi-military role and were reorganised as the civilian "Cyprus Police Force". Seconded Army officers were subsequently replaced by inspectors and commissioners appointed from British and other colonial police forces.
Cretan Gendarmerie
Cypriot National Guard
Cyprus Police
Hellenic Gendarmerie
Zaptié (Italian colonial gendarmerie)
Robert "Bob" Roberts (1863 – 24 March 1950) was a Welsh footballer who played at full back for Wrexham in the 1880s and 1890s. He made two appearances for Wales, one as an emergency goalkeeper.
Roberts was born at Wrexham and, on leaving school, found employment at Bersham colliery, and played football for the local Rhostyllen village side.
Described as a "hard-working player and a sound defender", Roberts was one of the first signings made by Wrexham Olympic after that club's formation. He took part in a North v South trial match in 1886 which led to his selection for the match against Ireland on 27 February, helping his country to a 5–0 victory. Despite this result, Alfred Davies was preferred for the matches against England and Scotland.Roberts' second international appearance came the following February when he was called in as an emergency goalkeeper in the absence of Robert Mills-Roberts, who had temporarily "retired" from football following injuries to both wrists shortly before the preceding international against England, in which he conceded four goals. Roberts also conceded four goals against the Irish and his international career was over, with Davies being recalled at right-back for the next international. James Trainer subsequently took over as the Wales national team goalkeeper, a position he retained for the next twelve years.In 1888, Wrexham Olympic was disbanded and Roberts joined Wrexham. With his ability to "kick and head the ball well", Roberts became the Wrexham captain, a position he retained until his retirement from football in 1892. In 1891, he captained his team to the final of the Welsh Cup, losing 5–2 to Shrewsbury Town.
Following his retirement as a player, Roberts continued to serve Wrexham as a trainer for several years.He was also a keen member of the Territorial Army.
His brother, Bill also played for Wrexham and played four times for Wales, scoring once, against Ireland on 27 February 1886.His brother-in-law, John Price Davies, played for Druids and made two appearances for Wales in 1883.
WrexhamWelsh Cup finalist: 1891
International career details
Spinoplon bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Napp and Martins in 1985.
Radiant Door is the second EP by the noise pop band Crystal Stilts. It was released in 2011 through Sacred Bones.
"Dark Eyes" – 4:17
"Radiant Door" – 3:11
"Still As the Night" – 3:13
"Low Profile" – 5:05
"Frost Inside the Asylums" – 5:47
Brad Hargett – vocals
JB Townsend – guitar
Kyle Forester – keyboards
Andy Adler – bass
Keegan Cooke – drums
Wellington—Halton Hills is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 2004.
The Member of Parliament for Wellington—Halton Hills is Michael Chong of the Conservative Party of Canada.
The riding was created in 2003 from parts of Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey, Guelph—Wellington, Halton and Waterloo—Wellington ridings.
It consists of the Town of Halton Hills in the Regional Municipality of Halton and the townships of Centre Wellington, Guelph/Eramosa and Puslinch and the Town of Erin in Wellington County.  Although it is counted as part of Midwestern Ontario, it spills into Halton, which is part of the Greater Toronto Area.
This riding lost fractions of territory to Guelph and Kitchener—Conestoga during the 2012 electoral redistribution.
List of Canadian federal electoral districts
Past Canadian electoral districts
"(Code 35098) Census Profile". 2011 census. Statistics Canada. 2012. Retrieved 2011-03-03.
Riding history from the Library of Parliament
2011 results from Elections Canada
Campaign expense data from Elections Canada
The Legislative district of Pasig–Marikina was the combined representation of the Metropolitan Manila municipalities of Pasig and Marikina in the Regular Batasang Pambansa from 1984 to 1986.
Prior to gaining joint representation, areas now under the respective jurisdictions of Pasig and Marikina were represented under the province of Rizal (1907–1972). These two municipalities were separated from the province to form the Metropolitan Manila Area on 7 November 1975 by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824; Metro Manila was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa as Region IV from 1978 to 1984.
Among the amendments to the 1973 Constitution of the Philippines which were approved in the January 1984 plebiscite was a new apportionment ordinance for the election of Regular Batasang Pambansa members, as embodied in Batas Pambansa Blg. 643. Under this apportionment ordinance, the municipalities of Pasig and Marikina were grouped into a single parliamentary district which was allotted two representatives, who were elected at large in the May 1984 elections. The combined representation of the two municipalities lasted until the abolition of the Regular Batasang Pambansa in the aftermath of the People Power Revolution in 1986.
Under the new Constitution which was proclaimed on 11 February 1987, the two municipalities were separated to form the congressional district of Pasig and the congressional district of Marikina. Each elected its member to the restored House of Representatives starting that same year.
Legislative districts of Rizal
Legislative district of Pasig
Legislative district of Marikina
The 2016–2018 India–Pakistan border skirmishes were a series of armed clashes between India and Pakistan, mostly consisting of heavy exchanges of gunfire between Indian and Pakistani forces across the de facto border, known as the Line of Control (LoC), between the two states in the disputed region of Kashmir. The skirmishes began after India conducted surgical strikes against militant launch pads within the Pakistani-administered territory of Azad Jammu and Kashmir on 29 September 2016.Pakistan rejected the reports that any deep strike had taken place, stating that Indian forces had only engaged in a gunfight with Pakistani troops at the LoC without crossing over into Pakistani territory, an engagement that reportedly resulted in the deaths of two Pakistani soldiers and the wounding of nine. Pakistan also rejected India's claims that there had been additional casualties. Following this, Pakistani sources reported that in the 29 September skirmish, at least eight Indian soldiers were killed while one was captured by the Pakistan Army. India subsequently confirmed that one of its soldiers was in Pakistani custody, but denied that the mentioned gunfight was linked to the surgical strike incident or that any of its soldiers had been killed in the hostilities.The Indian operation was said to be in retaliation for a militant attack on an Indian Army base in Uri, in the Indian-administered state of Jammu and Kashmir, that left 19 Indian Army soldiers dead on 18 September 2016. Over the course of the next 20 months, India and Pakistan continued to regularly exchange fire across the LoC in Kashmir, resulting in dozens of military and civilian casualties on both sides.
On 29 September, eleven days after the Uri attack, the Indian army reported it conducted surgical strikes against suspected militants in Pakistani-administered Kashmir. Lt Gen Ranbir Singh, Indian Director General of Military Operations (DGMO), said that it had received "very credible and specific information" about "terrorist teams" who were preparing to "carry out infiltration and conduct terrorist strikes inside Jammu and Kashmir and in various metros in other states". The Indian action was meant to pre-empt their infiltration. Indian media reported variously that between 35 and 70 terrorists had been killed.Pakistan denied that such surgical strikes occurred. The Inter-Services Public Relations said that there had been only "cross border firing". But, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the "unprovoked and naked aggression of Indian forces", which he said resulted in the death of two Pakistani soldiers.UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon said that the UN Observer Group in Pakistani Kashmir did not directly observe any "firing across the Line of Control" relating to the incident. The Indian envoy at UN Syed Akbaruddin dismissed this statement, saying "facts on the ground do not change whether somebody acknowledges or not."Analyst Sandeep Singh, writing in The Diplomat, said that the operation is better characterised as a cross-border raid because "surgical strikes" involve striking deep into the enemy territory and typically using air power.
On 1 October, Pakistan said its soldiers had come under fire in Bhimber and they responded to the attack. Indian media stated that Pakistan had started the firing. 6 Indian civilians in Poonch district were reported to be injured in firing from Pakistani soldiers on 3 October. On 4 October, the Indian Border Security Force said it witnessed Pakistani-operated unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) flying close to the border, presumably to survey Indian positions. The same day, an Indian soldier was injured by Pakistani fire in the Naushera sector of Rajouri district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. Three to at least four Indian soldiers were injured on 5 October because of firing and shelling. Nine Pakistani soldiers were also reported to be injured in retaliatory fire.Border skirmishes continued throughout the month of October. An Indian soldier was killed by Pakistani fire in the Rajouri District of Indian controlled Jammu and Kashmir on 16 October. One Pakistani civilian was stated to have been killed by Pakistani authorities while 12 others were stated to have been injured in firing by Indian forces on 19 October. On 21 October, the BSF said that it killed 7 Pakistan rangers, a militant and injured 3 other Pakistani soldier in retaliatory fire after a sniper attack by Pakistani forces injured an Indian soldier, Gurnam Singh in Hiranagar, who later succumbed to his injuries in hospital. The BSF claimed that the Pakistani media confirmed the "fatalities suffered by Pakistani rangers" with a news report that put the number of dead at 5. Pakistan's ISPR denied that any of its soldiers died and claimed that Indian forces resorted to unprovoked firing, which was dealt by Pakistani soldiers.On 24 October, a BSF personnel and an Indian civilian were reported to have been killed in exchange of fire between both countries, while nine Indian civilians were reported to be injured. BSF also stated that four to five Pakistan Rangers were injured in firing from Indian side. Pakistani authorities also stated that 2 Pakistani civilians were killed in firing by Indian forces, with 6 civilians being injured.Pakistani military claimed that it had killed 5 Indian soldiers and destroyed 4 Indian military outposts on 25 October. Pakistani authorities on 26 October alleged that two civilians were killed while nine others were injured in firing by Indian troops at the working boundary in Chaprar and Harpal sectors and on the LoC in Bhimber sector on 25–26 October. A BSF personnel was reported to be killed on 27 October in R.S. Pora sector while ten Indian civilians were reported to be injured along the International Border in Jammu region in firing by Pakistani forces. BSF claimed that it killed one Pakistan Ranger and injured another in retaliatory firing. 6 Pakistani civilians were killed and 22 were injured in firing by Indian forces at Shakargarh and Nikial sectors on the same day in a claim made 2 days later by Pakistani authorities. In addition, another two civilians were reported to be killed while nine others were reported to be injured in Chaprar, Harpal and Bhimber sectors.Two Indian civilians were reported to be killed, while four civilians were reported to be injured in shelling by Pakistani forces on 28 October. A BSF constable was killed in an accident while retaliating to fire by Pakistani forces on the same day. Meanwhile, BSF claimed that 15 Pakistani soldiers had been killed in retaliatory fire. Three Pakistani civilians were reported to have been killed while five others were injured in firing by Indian forces on the same day in Nakyal sector.According to a report by India Today, the Indian Army had destroyed a company headquarters and four military posts of the Pakistan Army on 29 October in retaliation to the beheading of an Indian soldiers by militants who were aided by cover fire from Pakistan Army. At least 20 Pakistani soldiers were reported to be killed in the attack according to the report.A soldier was killed in Tarkundi area of Rajouri while a civilian was killed in Mendhar and another was injured in firing and shelling by Pakistani forces on 31 October. Pakistani authorities claimed on the same day that 4 Pakistani civilians were reported to be killed while 6 were injured in firing by Indian forces. 8 Indian civilians were reported to be killed in firing and shelling by Pakistan Rangers while 23 were injured on 1 November. The Indian Army stated that it had killed 2 Pakistani soldiers and destroyed 14 military posts in retaliation. 2 Indian soldiers were reported to be killed while two other soldiers and a woman were reported to be injured in firing by Pakistan Army who were trying to facilitate an infiltration bid on 5 November in Poonch district.Pakistani officials stated on 7 November that 3 Pakistani civilians were killed while 6 civilians were injured in firing by Indian troops. On 8 November, three Pakistani civilians were killed while three were others were injured in shelling by Indian troops according to a senior police official of Poonch district. On the same day, an Indian soldier was reportedly killed while another was seriously injured in shelling by Pakistani troops in Nowshera sector. Another 4 Indian soldiers were also reportedly injured in shelling by Pakistani troops on the same day. The soldier who was seriously wounded in Rajouri succumbed to his injuries on the following day while another was killed in sniper fire by Pakistani troops in Machil sector of Kupwara according to an Indian Army official. On 9 November, Pakistani authorities stated that 4 civilians were killed while 7 were injured in firing by Indian troops in Khuirata and Battal sectors on the previous day.An Indian soldier was reportedly killed in Keran sector on 11 November in firing by Pakistan Army while 6 soldiers were injured. Pakistani authorities stated on 14 November that 7 Pakistani soldiers had been killed in gunfire by Indian forces. General Raheel Sharif later claimed that they had killed 11 Indian soldiers on the same day in retaliatory firing. The Indian Army rejected the claim. On 17 November, Northern Command of the Indian Army said in a tweet: "No fatal casualties due to Pak firing on 14,15 or 16 Nov. Pak Army Chief claim of killing Indian soldiers on 14 Nov false."On 18 November, the Pakistan Navy alleged that its warship had intercepted and prevented the covert infiltration of Indian submarine in Pakistan's seaborne territories on 14 November. The ISPR released the military video footage of the alleged Indian submarine patrolling in the Arabian sea. However, Pakistan had not identified the type of submarine it claim to have intercepted. The Navy claimed that its warships had intercepted the incurring Indian submarine once it was detected on their military radars, and diverted the submarine from its course of actions. The Indian Navy strongly rejected the claims and termed Pakistan's interception claims as: "blatant lies". The Indian Navy also said that none of its ships are near Pakistan." An Indian Navy officer said in a statement, "Why would an Indian submarine surface or come to snorkelling depth near Pakistani waters?", Submarines are meant to be stealthy, and they do not reveal their presence so easily whether they are on intelligence gathering or in combat missions. Another navy officer stated that there are more than 150 ships in the northern Arabian Sea and the Persian Gulf of different nations including submarines of the China, "either the Pakistan Navy mistook some other nation's submarine as an Indian one or is just doing propaganda warfare." NDTV stated that, analysis of the video and the images released by Pakistani authorities does not indicate that the mast of the submarine which are visible in the images matches the mast of either India's Shishumar-class submarines, its Kilo-class submarines or its Chakra nuclear attack submarine.On 18 November, Commander of X Corps of the Pakistan Army Lieutenant-General Malik Zafar Iqbal said to a selected gathering of Pakistani parliamentarians and journalists in Gilgit: "Only 20 of our soldiers embraced martyrdom" and claimed: "they [Indian Army] lost more than 40 soldiers".On 19 November, the Pakistani military claimed that it shot down an Indian quad-copter type drone that had allegedly crossed the LoC into Pakistani controlled Kashmir. The same day, the Pakistani police said that four Pakistani civilians were killed in cross-border firing.On 22 November, Indian reports said that militants or a Pakistani "Border Action Team" killed three Indian soldiers and savagely mutilated one of the bodies in Machhil sector of Kupwara district along the LoC. The Northern Command of the Indian Army said that "retribution will be heavy for this cowardly act". This was the second such incident of mutilation of an Indian soldier's body in the same sector since 28 October, when the militants mutilated the body of Mandeep Singh of 17 Sikh Regiment before retreating back into Pakistan controlled Kashmir under covering fire from Pakistan Army. Pakistan denied the accusation, calling it fabricated.On 23 November the Indian army launched a massive attack. 120 mm heavy mortars and machine guns were used in the attack on Pakistani army posts. Artillery fire and shelling from India targeted several Pakistani villages and struck a passenger bus near the dividing line in the disputed region of Kashmir on Wednesday killing 9 civilians. Pakistan announced that it also killed 3 soldiers including an army captain. Two more civilians were also killed in another region of Kashmir.  Pakistan military also claims 7 Indian soldiers have been killed in retaliatory fire, which was not confirmed by India. Following the incident, DGMO of Pakistan requested for unscheduled talks on hotline and complain about killing of civilians caused by Indian Army fire. However, Indian DGMO, Lt Gen Ranbir Singh made it clear to its counterpart about the unprovoked firing by Pakistani troops to provide cover fire to the terrorists coming from POK.On 29 November, Pakistan and India exchanged fire on the LOC north of Baramulla sector as well as in Uri sector. On 2 December, a Border Security Force trooper was wounded by a Pakistani sniper in Bhimbher Gali sector of Rajouri district. On 29 December, it was reported that Pakistan Army fired at Indian positions in Gulpur sector of Poonch district. No casualties were reported on the Indian side.
On 13 February 2017, Pakistan Army's official public relations outlet, the ISPR stated that three Pakistani soldiers were killed in cross-border firing by Indian troops.The Indian Army stated on 1 May that the Border Action Team (BAT), which is alleged to be made up from terrorists and soldiers of Pakistan's Army, killed and mutilated bodies of 2 Indian soldiers. Pakistan's government denied it.On 11 May 2017, the two countries exchanged artillery and small-arms fire. Pakistan's foreign office stated that a civilian had been killed while 2 others were injured by Indian shelling in Subzkot in Azad Kashmir while the Associated Press reported that an Indian civilian had been killed in Nowshera. On 14 May 2017, an Indian army official claimed that Pakistan shelling in Nowshera killed 3 Indian civilians and injured 9 others including a BSF officer.On 23 May 2017, the Indian Army claimed it had "bombed" Pakistani army checkposts in Nowshera Sector along the border. An Indian military spokesman said the action was taken to prevent infiltration of militants into the Indian side. However, the Pakistani military swiftly rejected the claim as "false".The Indian Army stated on 26 May that it had scuttled the attempts at a cross-border infiltration by BAT, killing 2 BAT terrorists. 2 days later it stated that an army porter was killed and another injured in firing by Pakistan Army in Keran sector.On 29 May 2017, the Indian media reports, citing defence sources, said that special forces of the Indian Army foiled an attack by Pakistan's Border Action Team, killing 2 Pakistani soldiers along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir's Uri sector.On 1 June 2017, Livemint reported, quoting an Indian government official, that the Indian Army's special forces eliminated a Pakistani Border Action Team composed of five enemy soldiers along the Line of Control in the Muzaffarabad sector. On the same day one Indian civilian was also killed after Pakistani troops attacked Indian military positions along the line of control. On 2 June 2017, Indian military reported that one personnel of General Reserve Engineer Force (GREF) was killed and two Border Security Force (BSF) personnel were injured after Pakistani military opened fire on Indian military positions.On 4 June, Pakistan's ISPR said that the military destroyed Indian bunkers during cross-border firing, in which five Indian soldiers were killed. It released video footage showing the Pakistani forces' destruction of the posts. However, the Indian Army denied the claim. "No casualties have been caused to our own soldiers in ceasefire violation along LoC," a senior officer of 16 Corps of the Indian Army said. "The claim of the Pakistan Army that it killed 5 Indian soldiers, destroyed bunkers in firing on LoC, is totally wrong," he said. Following hotline contact, the ISPR stated any Indian violations would be responded with "full force at the time and place of our choosing with the onus of responsibility on Indian aggressive behaviour." Dawn reported the number of Indian ceasefire violations in 2017 at over 400, crossing last year's 382. Pakistan's DGMO, Major-General Sahir Shamshad Mirza, said that Indian forces were killing civilians and inadvertent crossers of the LoC and labeling them infiltrators, which was "highly unprofessional and unsoldierly". He told his Indian counterpart to "look inwards" instead of at Pakistan for the unrest in Kashmir.On 14 June, a cross border firing between Indian and Pak army, in Poonch and Rajouri area along LOC, left two Pak soldiers dead. On 16 June, An Indian soldier was killed by Pakistan army's cross-border firing on forward posts along the Line of Control (LoC) in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir.On 22 June, Pakistan Border action team (BAT) sneaked 600 metres across the LoC into the Poonch sector and killed two Indian soldiers. The same day, two Pakistani civilians were injured by Indian army's firing in Kotli district of Azad Kashmir.On 25 June, Pakistan army cross border firing resulted in death of 1 civilian in Naushera sector. On 29 June, Indian military reported that two Indian soldiers were injured after Pakistan's army fired mortar, targeting Indian military positions along the Line of Control in Poonch district.On 1 July 2017, a Pakistani civilian was injured by Indian army's cross border firing in Rawlakot, Azad Kashmir.On 8 July, Indian officials reported that an on leave Indian soldier and his wife were killed and their three children were injured after Pakistani military opened fire targeting Poonch district along LOC. On next day of incident, Pande Rajiv Omparkash, SSP Poonch, said that Indian army destroyed a Pakistani checkpost.On 10 July, Pakistan's ISPR said that Pak army responded with an attack that destroyed two Indian military posts and killed four of their soldiers.On 12 July, two Indian soldiers were killed after a cross border firing by Pakistan army in Kupwara area along LOC.On 15 July, an Indian soldier was killed by Pakistan army's cross border firing in Rajouri.On 16 July, Indian army targeted one of the military vehicles of Pak army which eventually fell into Neelum River at Athmuqam along LOC resulting in deaths of 4 Pak army soldiers.On 17 July, an Indian army men and a minor girl were killed while 2 other civilians were critically injured in cross border firing by Pakistan army along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir on Monday in Rajouri's Manjakote sector.On 18 July, two Indian army men were killed by Pakistan army's firing in Rajouri district. The deceased were rifleman Vimal Sinjali and Sepoy Jaspreet Singh. Around six Indian civilians were also reported to be injured as result of Pakistan's army shelling of hamlets and military posts along Line of Control.On 19 July, an Indian army Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) Shashi Kumar succumbed to his injuries. He was grievously injured as a result of Pakistan firing in Naushera yesterday. That same day, the Pakistan Army said that it targeted Indian military posts in retaliation to Indian army ceasefire violations the previous day. Pakistan Army stated that it had killed around five Indian soldiers in this attack.On 21 July, an Indian Army soldier was killed in cross-border firing across the Line of Control on Friday by Pakistani army in Sunderbani sector of Jammu and Kashmir's Rajouri district.On 8 August, an Indian soldier was killed by Pakistani fire in skirmishing along the Line of Control.On 12 August, an Indian army Junior commissioned officer (JCO) and one Indian civilian were killed by Pakistani shelling in Poonch district of Kashmir.On 13 August 3 Indian soldiers were injured in Pakistan firing in Uri Sector of Baramulla.On 25 August, a BSF soldier sustained injuries when he was hit by a Pakistani sniper just below his right ear in the RS Pura sector. His condition was said to be stable. The next day, on 26 August, the BSF said that the Pakistani rangers started unprovoked mortar shelling at forward Indian posts in Dewra village of Rajouri's Sunderbani district and in retaliation it "shot dead at least three Pakistan Rangers".On 1 September 1 Border Security Force (BSF) soldier was Killed in Pakistani Sniper Fire From Across Line of Control in Poonch.On 13 September, Indian officials stated that three BSF troopers sustained injuries as result of unprovoked firing by Pakistani forces on BSF posts in Poonch and Jammu districts.On 14 September, the BSF said it killed two Pakistani soldiers in retaliatory fire.On 15 September, an Indian border guard was killed by Pakistani fire in skirmishing along the Line of Control.On 17 September, One woman killed, 5 injured as a result of Pakistan army firing in Arina sector.On 20 September, an Indian army soldier was killed in Keran sector as a result of Pakistan army firing.On 22 September, the Pakistan military said that six Pak civilians were killed while 26 others including 15 women and 5 children were injured by Indian army's firing in Charwah and Harpal sector. That same day, Indian police officials said that the Pakistani forces violated the ceasefire first, injuring four Indian civilians.On 2 October, the Indian Army said that two children were killed and a dozen civilians were wounded in "unprovoked and indiscriminate firing of small arms, automatics and mortars" by Pakistan soldiers in Poonch, where Indian troops killed 5 militants trying to infiltrate into India from the Pakistani side. Hindustan Times, citing an Indian Army spokesperson, said that Indian troops retaliated and the exchange of firing continued till afternoon.On 3 October, an Indian Army soldier was killed when Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire along the LoC in Poonch.On 4 October, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported that three Indian soldiers sustained injuries when Pakistani troops opened "unprovoked and indiscriminate" fire at them. A Defence spokesperson said that Indian troops "retaliated effectively". That same day, the Pakistan Army said that two children were killed from Indian firing across the LoC. The Pakistan Army added that it was engaging Indian posts, and three Indian soldiers were reported killed in addition to five injured during retaliatory firing.On 12 October, eight Indian Army personnel including two porters sustained injuries due to unprovoked firing by the Pakistani troops. An army soldier and a porter later succumbed to their injuries. A defence spokesperson said, "The Pakistan Army initiated unprovoked and indiscriminate firing of small arms and automatics from 1035 hours in Krishnagati sector along the Line of Control (LoC)."On 21 October, Indian army porter was killed and a girl was injured in Baramulla district as result of ceasefire violation.On 2 November, a BSF constable was killed in Samaba sector as result of ceasefire violation.On 4 December, a Pakistani soldier was killed as result of ceasefire violation on LOC. The deceased was Juma Khan Bugti belonging to 47 Baloch Regiment.On 6 December, a Pakistan Army Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) on leave, Subedar Shaukat Kiani was killed due to Indian shelling in Abbaspur sector along with a civilian.On 23 December, the Indian Army said that four Indian soldiers including an army major were killed in Keri sector in unprovoked firing by Pakistan. The next day, the Indian media reported that two Pakistani snipers were killed in Poonch and Rajouri districts. On 25 December, the Indian Army said that a team of 5–6 Ghatak commandos carried out a cross-LoC raid, during which they went around 250–300 meters inside the Pakistani side of the LoC, killing at least 3 Pakistani soldiers and injuring a few others. The Times of India cited a senior Indian Army officer as saying that intelligence inputs suggested that Pakistanis could have suffered more casualties. Pakistan rejected Indian media reports that Indian soldiers had crossed the Line of Control. Initially, the Pakistan Army said that the soldiers were killed by ceasefire violation, and the Foreign Office later said that India provided cover fire for "non-state actors" to plant improvised explosive devices that killed the soldiers.On 31 December 2017, an Indian soldier was killed as a result of ceasefire violation in Nowshera sector.
On 3 January 2018, a BSF head constable was killed as a result of ceasefire violation in Samba sector of Jammu and Kashmir.On 4 January 2018, Pakistani media reported that three Pakistani civilians were injured as a result of ceasefire violation in Sialkot's Zafarwal sector. The Indian media reported that BSF had destroyed three Pakistani border outposts and two mortar positions killing 10-12 Pakistani Rangers.On 10 January 2018, India reported that it had killed 138 Pakistani soldiers along the Line of Control during 2017, wounding 155 more. During the same time period the Indian government admitted that it suffered 28 soldiers killed in action and a further 70 more wounded in fighting along the Line of Control.On 14 January 2018, an Indian army soldier was killed in Pakistani firing in Rajouri district.On 15 January, the Indian Army said that it killed seven Pakistani soldiers, including a Major-rank officer and injured four others in retaliation. Additionally, the Indian army said it also foiled an infiltration bid, killing 6 Jaish-e-Muhammad militants. A senior Indian Army officer said, "Though we responded strongly and effectively on Saturday as well, we retaliated on Monday, resulting in seven fatal casualties and four injuries on Pakistan’s side in Janglote area across the LoC opposite Mendhar." The same day, the Pakistani army said that four of its soldiers were killed in Indian firing along the LoC in Jandrot, Kotli sector. It also claimed that it killed three Indian soldiers. The Indian Army denied any casualties.On 18 January, India claimed that one BSF constable and a teenage girl were killed in shelling by Pakistani Rangers in RS Pura sector. Pakistan claimed that 2 civilians were killed and 5 others wounded in cross-border firing by Indian troops in Sialkot.On 19 January, India claimed that one BSF and an Indian Army soldier were killed in ceasefire violations along the LoC in Samba sector in the Sunderbani sector of Rajouri district respectively. In addition, two civilians were killed in the RS Pura sector while eleven others were injured. In retaliation, Indian claimed to have killed 4-10 Pakistani Rangers and destroyed six Pakistani posts. Pakistan claimed that a man and a minor girl were killed in Bhimber district because of "unprovoked" shelling by the Indian forces.On 20 January, India claimed that one Indian Army soldier and two civilians were killed in ceasefire violations in Poonch and Jammu districts respectively. Pakistan claimed that one Pakistan Army soldier and two civilians were killed in ceasefire violations by the Indian army in Nakyal sector of Kotli district. In addition, 5 civilians were reported wounded. One Indian army soldier who sustained injuries in Krishna Gati sector succumbed to his wounds on 24 January.On 21 January, Pakistan claimed that two of its civilians were killed in a ceasefire violation in Nikial sector. India claimed that one Indian Army soldier and three civilians were killed in ceasefire violations in Mendhar and RS Pura and Kanachak sectors respectively.On 22 January, India claimed that a 35-year-old woman was injured in cross border shelling by Pakistan. She was reported to have succumbed to her wounds on 28 January.On 28 January, Pakistan claimed that three civilians were injured during ceasefire violations in Khuiratta, Kotli and Battal in Rawalakot.On 4 February, four Indian Army soldiers were reported killed and one injured during cross-border shelling in Rajouri sector. Two other Indian soldiers were also reported injured by ceasefire violations in Poonch district. One soldier who suffered splinter injuries in Poonch district succumbed to his wounds on 12 February.On 8 February, India claimed that one Indian civilian was killed as a result of ceasefire violations by Pakistan in Krishna Gati sector.On 11 February, India claimed that one civilian was killed during a ceasefire violation in Pkukherni and Lairan villages of Noushera.On 15 February, the Indian media, citing government sources, said that the Indian Army killed 20 Pakistani soldiers in retaliatory firing this year, while suffering 10 casualties of its own. The same day, the Pakistan Army claimed that it destroyed an Indian army post, leaving five soldiers killed and several injured. Pakistan reported that the "retaliative" strike took place hours after shelling from Indian troops hit a school van on the Pakistani side, killing its driver. India rejected Pakistan's claim as "totally false". A senior Indian Army officer said, "Unlike Pakistan Army, we do not, and cannot, hide our casualties."On 19 February, Pakistani media reported that an eight-year-old boy was killed due to Indian firing across the LoC. The Pakistan Army claimed that it had neutralized an Indian army post killing two soldiers.On 20 February, Indian Army claimed that in a direct fire assault they had destroyed a Pakistani post in the Tangdhar sector killing one soldier and seriously injuring another. Another Pakistani post was destroyed in the Haji Pir sector killing at least 2 soldiers.On 28 February, Indian Army claimed that they killed two Pakistani soldiers in retaliation against ceasefire violations in the Bhimber Gali sector in Rajouri district. The Pakistan Army claimed that these 2 soldiers were killed in Indian firing.On 2 March, Indian media claimed that two Pakistani soldiers were killed in retaliation by the Indian Army in Poonch district.On 18 March, India claimed that five civilians were killed and two wounded as a result of Pakistan army shelling on Balakote sector of Poonch.On 3 April, Indian army claimed that a soldier was killed and four wounded as a result of Pakistan army shelling in Krishna Ghati sector.On 10 April, Indian army claimed that two soldiers were killed as a result of Pakistan army firing in Rajouri.On 12 April, Indian army claimed that a soldier was killed as result of Pakistan army firing in Poonch's Krishna Ghati sector.On 16 April, India claimed that an army porter was killed as result of Pakistan army firing in Baramulla district.On 17 April, India claimed that a soldier was injured as a result of Pakistan firing in Rajouri and later succumbed to his wounds on 21 April.On 23 April, Indian Army claimed that they killed five Pakistani soldiers and destroyed three Pakistani bunkers in Poonch and Rajouri districts in retaliatory fire.On 26 April, Indian Army claimed that three Pakistani soldiers were killed in retaliation in Padhar sector, opposite Sunderbani, in Rajouri district. Pakistan Army claimed that two civilians were killed in Bramla village, Padhar Sector) during a ceasefire violation.On 12 May, India claimed that a civilian was killed as result of Pakistan firing in Gulpur-Degawar area in Poonch district of Jammu division.On 16 May, India claimed that a BSF soldier was killed as result of Pakistan firing on Mangu Chak border outpost on the international border. Pakistan also claimed that 1 of its civilian was killed as result of Indian firingOn 19 May, India claimed that a BSF soldier and four civilians were killed as a result of Pakistan firing in R S Pura and Arnia sectors of Jammu. Pakistan claimed that four civilians were killed in Indian firing in Pukhlian, Cahprar, Harpal, Charwah and Shakargarh sectors.On 21 May, India claimed that a civilian was killed and six other wounded as a result of Pakistan firing in Jammu district. Pakistan claimed that a Pakistani Ranger was killed and three others wounded in Indian shelling of Badwal post in Charwah sector.On 22 May, Pakistan claimed that a Pakistani Ranger and a civilian was killed in Indian firing in Shakargarh sector.On 23 May, India claimed that five civilians were killed as result of Pakistani shelling in Jammu, Kathua and Samba district.On 24 May, India claimed that had killed 8-10, injured 12 Pakistani Rangers and destroyed several posts in retaliatory fire during the past few days.On 27 June, an alleged Partial footage of the strikes was released by the Indian government to the Indian media as proof to the strike. Pakistan's foreign office spokesman, however, rejected the alleged video and termed Indian claims as farcical.
On 29 May, India and Pakistan agreed to "fully implement" the 2003 ceasefire and stop cross-border firing. Despite this, cross-border clashes continued until mid-June, during which seven more Indian soldiers were killed and eleven civilians were wounded. India also claimed to had carried out nine strikes which destroyed ten bunkers and posts of the Pakistani Rangers in Kanachak and Akhnoor sectors of Jammu district, killing at least five Pakistani Rangers and injuring three. The last confirmed death was of an Indian soldier on 16 June.
Subsequently, the ceasefire along the Line of Control largely held, despite sporadic violations, leading to cautious optimism among Indian officials that it would continue.Between early August and early September, Pakistan reported four civilians were killed in Indian cross-border shelling. In addition, India reported two civilian deaths due to Pakistani fire by the start of October and claimed that in retaliation its Army had killed two Pakistani soldiers. Despite this, during military talks between India and Pakistan that were held in mid-August, Pakistan expressed satisfaction on the measures being taken along the Line of Control by troops to maintain the ceasefire. Firing continued for the next months, after the end of ceasefire. From November to December, 7 Indian army soldiers were killed by Pakistani sniper fire from across the border. Indian media reported that there were 2,936 instances of ceasefire violations by Pakistan in Jammu and Kashmir in 2018.
Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
2016 Uri attack
India–Pakistan relations
2011 India–Pakistan border skirmish
2013 India–Pakistan border skirmishes
India–Pakistan border skirmishes (2014–2015)
Krasnov is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Montes Cordillera range, near the southwest limb of the Moon. From the Earth this crater appears foreshortened, and visibility can be affected by libration. To the north of Krasnov is the crater Eichstadt and to the southwest is Shaler, both along the edge of the Montes Cordillera mountain ring.
The rim of this crater is sharp-edged and not notably worn. Nevertheless, a pair of small, circular craters lie across the western rim. The loose material along its inner walls has slumped down to form a pile along the base of the sides. Within this sloping ring is a somewhat irregular interior floor.
The crater's name was formally adopted by the IAU in 1964, although the crater is sometimes spelled 'Krasnoff'.
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Krasnov.
Abacetus sublucidulus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae. It was described by Straneo in 1949.
Edward Samuel Lacey (November 26, 1835 – October 2, 1916) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan and Comptroller of the Currency from 1889 to 1892.
Lacey was born in Chili, New York and moved with his parents to Branch County, Michigan, in October 1842, and then to Eaton County in March 1843. He attended the public schools and Olivet College and engaged in various business pursuits and in banking. He was a resident of Kalamazoo, 1853–1857 and moved to Charlotte, where he was register of deeds for Eaton County, 1860–1864, and the mayor of Charlotte in 1871. He was also trustee of the Michigan Asylum for the Insane 1874-1880, and a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1876.
Lacey was elected as a Republican to represent Michigan's 3rd congressional district in the Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Congresses, serving from March 4, 1881 to March 3, 1885.
Lacey declined to be a candidate for reelection in 1884. He also served as chairman of the Michigan Republican Party, 1882-1884. He was commissioned by U.S. President Benjamin Harrison to be Comptroller of the Currency on April 17, 1889 and was reappointed December 16, 1889, serving until his resignation in 1892. He moved to Chicago and again engaged in banking. He died in Evanston, Illinois and is interred in Maple Hill Cemetery, in Charlotte, Michigan.
United States Congress. "Edward S. Lacey (id: L000009)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress.
The Political Graveyard
George Herbert Mead (February 27, 1863 – April 26, 1931) was an American philosopher, sociologist, and psychologist, primarily affiliated with the University of Chicago, where he was one of several distinguished pragmatists. He is regarded as one of the founders of symbolic interactionism and of what has come to be referred to as the Chicago sociological tradition.
George Herbert Mead was born February 27, 1863, in South Hadley, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Protestant, middle-class family comprising his father, Hiram Mead, his mother, Elizabeth Storrs Mead (née Billings), and his sister Alice. His father was a former Congregationalist pastor from a lineage of farmers and clergymen and who later held the chair in Sacred Rhetoric and Pastoral Theology at Oberlin College's theological seminary. Elizabeth taught for two years at Oberlin College and subsequently, from 1890 to 1900, serving as president of Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts.In 1879, George Mead enrolled at the Oberlin Academy at Oberlin College and then the college itself, graduating in 1883 with a Bachelor of Arts. After graduation, Mead taught grade school for about four months. For the following three years, he worked as a surveyor for the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company.
In autumn 1887, Mead enrolled at Harvard University, where his main interests were philosophy and psychology. At Harvard, Mead studied with Josiah Royce, a major influence upon his thought, and William James, whose children he tutored. In 1888, Mead left Harvard after receiving only a B.A. and moved to Leipzig, Germany to study with psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, from whom he learned the concept of "the gesture," a concept central to his later work.
In 1891, Mead married Helen Kingsbury Castle (1860–1929), the sister of Henry Northrup Castle (1862–1895), a friend he met at Oberlin.
Despite never finishing his dissertation, Mead was able to obtain a post at the University of Michigan in 1891. There, Mead met Charles H. Cooley and John Dewey, both of whom would influence him greatly. In 1894, Mead moved, along with Dewey, to the University of Chicago, where he taught until his death. Dewey's influence led Mead into educational theory, but his thinking soon diverged from that of Dewey, and developed into his famous psychological theories of mind, self and society.No detached philosopher, he was active in Chicago's social and political affairs; among his many activities include his work for the City Club of Chicago. Mead believed that science could be used to deal with social problems and played a key role in conducting research at the settlement house in Chicago. He also worked as treasurer for Chicago's Hull House.Mead died of heart failure on April 26, 1931.
Much of Mead's work focused on the development of the self and the objectivity of the world within the social realm: he insisted that "the individual mind can exist only in relation to other minds with shared meanings." The two most important roots of Mead's work, and of symbolic interactionism in general, are the philosophy of pragmatism and social behaviorism. 
Social behaviorism (as opposed to psychological behaviorism) refers to Mead's concern of the stimuli of gestures and social objects with rich meanings, rather than bare physical objects which psychological behaviourists considered stimuli. 
Pragmatism is a wide-ranging philosophical position from which several aspects of Mead's influences can be identified into four main tenets:
True reality does not exist "out there" in the real world, it "is actively created as we act in and toward the world."
People remember and base their knowledge of the world on what has been useful to them and are likely to alter what no longer "works."
People define the social and physical "objects" they encounter in the world according to their use for them.
If we want to understand actors, we must base that understanding on what people actually do.Three of these ideas are critical to symbolic interactionism:
The focus on the interaction between the actor and the world
A view of both the actor and the world as dynamic processes and not static structures and
The actor's ability to interpret the social world.Thus, to Mead and symbolic interactionists, consciousness is not separated from action and interaction, but is an integral part of both. Symbolic interactionism as a pragmatic philosophy was an antecedent to the philosophy of transactionalism. Mead's theories in part, based on pragmatism and behaviorism, were transmitted to many graduate students at the University of Chicago who then went on to establish symbolic interactionism.
Mead was a very important figure in 20th-century social philosophy. One of his most influential ideas was the emergence of mind and self from the communication process between organisms, discussed in Mind, Self and Society (1934), also known as social behaviorism. This concept of how the mind and self emerge from the social process of communication by signs founded the symbolic interactionist school of sociology. 
Rooted intellectually in Hegelian dialectics and process philosophy, Mead, like John Dewey, developed a more materialist process philosophy that was based upon human action and specifically communicative action. Human activity is, in a pragmatic sense, the criterion of truth, and through human activity meaning is made. Joint activity, including communicative activity, is the means through which our sense of self is constituted. The essence of Mead's social behaviorism is that mind is not a substance located in some transcendent realm, nor is it merely a series of events that takes place within the human physiological structure. This approach opposed the traditional view of the mind as separate from the body. The emergence of mind is contingent upon interaction between the human organism and its social environment; it is through participation in the social act of communication that individuals realize their potential for significantly symbolic behavior, that is, thought. Mind, in Mead's terms, is the individualized focus of the communication process. It is linguistic behavior on the part of the individual. There is, then, no "mind or thought without language;" and language (the content of mind) "is only a development and product of social interaction." Thus, mind is not reducible to the neurophysiology of the organic individual, but is emergent in "the dynamic, ongoing social process" that constitutes human experience.For Mead, mind arises out of the social act of communication. Mead's concept of the social act is relevant, not only to his theory of mind, but to all facets of his social philosophy. His theory of "mind, self, and society" is, in effect, a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of a social process involving the interaction of many individuals, just as his theory of knowledge and value is a philosophy of the act from the standpoint of the experiencing individual in interaction with an environment.  Action is very important to his social theory and, according to Mead, actions also occur within a communicative process. 
The initial phase of an act constitutes a gesture. A gesture is a preparatory movement that enables other individuals to become aware of the intentions of the given organism. The rudimentary situation is a conversation of gestures, in which a gesture on the part of the first individual evokes a preparatory movement on the part of the second, and the gesture of the second organism in turn calls out a response in the first person. On this level no communication occurs. Neither organism is aware of the effect of its own gestures upon the other; the gestures are nonsignificant. For communication to take place, each organism must have knowledge of how the other individual will respond to his own ongoing act. Here the gestures are significant symbols. A significant symbol is a kind of gesture that only humans can make. Gestures become significant symbols when they arouse in the individual who is making them the same kind of response they are supposed to elicit from those to whom the gestures are addressed.  Only when we have significant symbols can we truly have communication. Mead grounded human perception in an "action-nexus". We perceive the world in terms of the "means of living." To perceive food, is to perceive eating. To perceive a house, is to perceive shelter. That is to say, perception is in terms of action. Mead's theory of perception is similar to that of J. J. Gibson.
Mead argued in tune with Durkheim that the individual is a product of an ongoing, pre-existing society, or more specifically, social interaction that is a consequence of a sui generis society. The self arises when the individual becomes an object to themselves. Mead argued that we are objects first to other people, and secondarily we become objects to ourselves by taking the perspective of other people. Language enables us to talk about ourselves in the same way as we talk about other people, and thus through language we become other to ourselves. In joint activity, which Mead called social acts, humans learn to see themselves from the standpoint of their co-actors. A central mechanism within the social act, which enables perspective taking, is position exchange. People within a social act often alternate social positions (e.g., giving/receiving, asking/helping, winning/losing, hiding/seeking, talking/listening). In children's games there is repeated position exchange, for example in hide-and-seek, and Mead argued that this is one of the main ways that perspective taking develops.
However, for Mead, unlike Dewey and J. J. Gibson, the key is not simply human action, but rather social action. In humans the "manipulatory phase of the act" is socially mediated, that is to say, in acting towards objects humans simultaneously take the perspectives of others towards that object. This is what Mead means by "the social act" as opposed to simply "the act" (the latter being a Deweyan concept). Non-human animals also manipulate objects, but that is a non-social manipulation, they do not take the perspective of other organisms toward the object. Humans on the other hand, take the perspective of other actors towards objects, and this is what enables complex human society and subtle social coordination. In the social act of economic exchange, for example, both buyer and seller must take each other's perspectives towards the object being exchanged. The seller must recognize the value for the buyer, while the buyer must recognize the desirability of money for the seller. Only with this mutual perspective taking can the economic exchange occur. (Mead was influenced on this point by Adam Smith.)
A final piece of Mead's social theory is the mind as the individual importation of the social process. Mead states that "the self is a social process," meaning that there are series of actions that go on in the mind to help formulate one's complete self. As previously discussed, Mead presented the self and the mind in terms of a social process. As gestures are taken in by the individual organism, the individual organism also takes in the collective attitudes of others, in the form of gestures, and reacts accordingly with other organized attitudes. This process is characterized by Mead as the I and the Me. The 'Me' is the social self and the 'I' is the response to the 'Me'. In other words, the 'I' is the response of an individual to the attitudes of others, while the 'Me' is the organized set of attitudes of others which an individual assumes.Mead develops William James' distinction between the 'I' and the 'Me'. The 'Me' is the accumulated understanding of "the generalized other" i.e. how one thinks one's group perceives oneself etc. The 'I' is the individual's impulses. The 'I' is self as subject; the 'Me' is self as object. The 'I' is the knower, the 'Me' is the known. The mind, or stream of thought, is the self-reflective movements of the interaction between the "I" and the 'Me'. There is neither "I" nor 'Me' in the conversation of gestures; the whole act is not yet carried out, but the preparation takes place in this field of gesture. These dynamics go beyond selfhood in a narrow sense, and form the basis of a theory of human cognition. For Mead the thinking process is the internalized dialogue between the 'I' and the 'Me'. Mead rooted the self's "perception and meaning" deeply and sociologically in "a common praxis of subjects," found specifically in social encounters.Understood as a combination of the 'I' and the 'Me', Mead's self proves to be noticeably entwined within a sociological existence. For Mead, existence in community comes before individual consciousness. First one must participate in the different social positions within society and only subsequently can one use that experience to take the perspective of others and thus become 'conscious'.
Mead was a major American philosopher by virtue of being, along with John Dewey, Charles Peirce and William James, one of the founders of pragmatism. He also made significant contributions to the philosophies of nature, science, and history, to philosophical anthropology, and to process philosophy. Dewey and Alfred North Whitehead considered Mead a thinker of the first rank. He is a classic example of a social theorist whose work does not fit easily within conventional disciplinary boundaries.
As far as his work on the philosophy of science, Mead sought to find the psychological origin of science in the efforts of individuals to attain power over their environment. The notion of a physical object arises out of manipulatory experience. There is a social relation to inanimate objects, for the organism takes the role of things that it manipulates directly, or that it manipulates indirectly in perception. For example, in taking (introjecting or imitating) the resistant role of a solid object, an individual obtains cognition of what is "inside" nonliving things.  Historically, the concept of the physical object arose from an animistic conception of the universe.
Contact experience includes experiences of position, balance, and support, and these are used by the organism when it creates its conceptions of the physical world. Our scientific concepts of space, time, and mass are abstracted from manipulatory experience. Such concepts as that of the electron are also derived from manipulation. In developing a science we construct hypothetical objects in order to assist ourselves in controlling nature. The conception of the present as a distinct unit of experience, rather than as a process of becoming and disappearing, is a scientific fiction devised to facilitate exact measurement. In the scientific worldview immediate experience is replaced by theoretical constructs. The ultimate in experience, however, is the manipulation and contact at the completion of an act.
Mead theorized that human beings begin their understanding of the social world through "play" and "game". Play comes first in the child's development. The child takes different roles he/she observes in "adult" society, and plays them out to gain an understanding of the different social roles. For instance, he first plays the role of policeman and then the role of thief while playing "Cops and Robbers," and plays the role of doctor and patient when playing "Doctor." As a result of such play, the child learns to become both subject and object and begins to become able to build a self. However, it is a limited self because the child can only take the role of distinct and separate others, they still lack a more general and organized sense of themselves.In the next stage, the game stage, it is required that a person develop a full sense of self. Whereas in the play stage the child takes on the role of distinct others, in the game stage the child must take the role of everyone else involved in the game. Furthermore, these roles must have a definite relationship to one another.  To illustrate the game stage, Mead gives his famous example of a baseball game:
But in a game where a number of individuals are involved, then the child taking one role must be ready to take the role of everyone else. If he gets in a ball nine he must have the responses of each position involved in his own position. He must know what everyone else is going to do in order to carry out his own play. He has to take all of these roles. They do not all have to be present in consciousness at the same time, but at some moments he has to have three or four individuals present in his own attitude, such as the one who is going to throw the ball, the one who is going to catch it and so on. These responses must be, in some degree, present in his own make-up. In the game, then, there is a set of responses of such others so organized that the attitude of one calls out the appropriate attitudes of the other.
In the game stage, organization begins and definite personalities start to emerge.  Children begin to become able to function in organized groups and most importantly, to determine what they will do within a specific group. Mead calls this the child's first encounter with "the generalized other," which is one of the main concepts Mead proposes for understanding the emergence of the (social) self in human beings. "The generalized other" can be thought of as understanding the given activity and the actors' place within the activity from the perspective of all the others engaged in the activity. Through understanding "the generalized other" the individual understands what kind of behavior is expected, appropriate and so on, in different social settings.
Some may find that social acts (e.g. games and routine forms of social interaction) enable perspective taking through 'position exchange'. Assuming that games and routine social acts have differentiated social positions, and that these positions create our cognitive perspectives, then it might be that by moving between roles in a game (e.g. between hiding and seeking or buying and selling) we come to learn about the perspective of the other. This new interpretation of Mead's account of taking the perspective of the other has experimental support.
In a career spanning more than 40 years, Mead wrote almost constantly and published numerous articles and book reviews in both philosophy and psychology.  However, he did not publish any books. Following his death, several of his students put together and edited four volumes from records of Mead's social psychology course at the University of Chicago, his lecture notes (Mead's Carus Lectures, 1930, edited by Charles W. Morris), and his numerous unpublished papers.
In his lifetime, Mead published around 100 scholarly articles, reviews, and incidental pieces. Given their diverse nature, access to these writings is difficult. The first editorial efforts to change this situation date from the 1960s. In 1964, Andrew J. Reck collected twenty-five of Mead's published articles in Selected Writings: George Herbert Mead. Four years later, John W. Petras published George Herbert Mead: Essays on his Social Psychology, a collection of fifteen articles that included previously unpublished manuscripts.
More recently, Mary Jo Deegan (2001) published Essays in Social Psychology, a book project originally abandoned by Mead in the early 1910s. In 2010, Filipe Carreira da Silva edited the G.H. Mead. A Reader, a comprehensive collection including thirty of Mead's most important articles, ten of which previously unpublished. Likewise, the Mead Project at Brock University in Toronto intends to publish all of Mead's 80-odd remaining unpublished manuscripts.
1932. The Philosophy of the Present.
1934. Mind, Self, and Society.
1936. Movements of Thought in the Nineteenth Century.
1938. The Philosophy of the Act.
1964. Selected Writings. — This volume collects articles Mead himself prepared for publication.
1982. The Individual and the Social Self: Unpublished Essays by G. H. Mead.
2001. Essays in Social Psychology.
2010. G.H. Mead. A Reader.
"Suggestions Towards a Theory of the Philosophical Disciplines" (1900);
"Social Consciousness and the Consciousness of Meaning" (1910);
"What Social Objects Must Psychology Presuppose" (1910);
"The Mechanism of Social Consciousness" (1912);
"The Social Self" (1913);
"Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker"(1917);
"A Behavioristic Account of the Significant Symbol" (1922);
"The Genesis of Self and Social Control" (1925);
"The Objective Reality of Perspectives" (1926);
"The Nature of the Past" (1929); and
"The Philosophies of Royce, James, and Dewey in Their American Setting" (1929).
Aboulafia, Mitchell, ed. 1991. Philosophy, Social Theory, and the Thought of George Herbert Mead. Albany: SUNY Press.
— 2001. The Cosmopolitan Self: George Herbert Mead and Continental Philosophy. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
Biesta, Gert, and Daniel Tröhler, ed. 2008. G. H. Mead: the Philosophy of Education. Boulder, CO: Paradigm Publishers. ISBN 9781594515309
Blumer, H. & Morrione, T. J. 2004. George Herbert Mead and Human Conduct. New York: Altamira Press.
Conesa-Sevilla, J. 2005. "The Realm of Continued Emergence: The Semiotics of George Herbert Mead and its Implications to Biosemiotics, Semiotics Matrix Theory, and Ecological Ethics." Sign Systems Studies (september). Estonia: Tartu University.
da Silva, Filipe Carreira. 2007. G.H. Mead. A Critical Introduction. Cambridge: Polity Press.
— 2008. Mead and Modernity: Science, Selfhood and Democratic Politics. Lanham, MD: Lexington Books.
Gillespie, Alex. 2001. "The Mystery of G.H. Mead's First Book" (Essays in Social Psychology book review). Theory & Psychology 13(3):422–24. Archived from the original 17 June 2010.
— 2005. "G. H. Mead: Theorist of the social act." Journal for the Theory of Social Behaviour 35:19–39.
— 2006. "Games and the development of perspective taking." Human Development 49:87–92.
Joas, Hans. 1985. G.H. Mead: A Contemporary Re-examination of His Thought. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Habermas, Jürgen. 1992. "Individuation through socialization: On George Herbert Mead's theory of socialization." in Postmetaphysical Thinking, by J. Habermas, translated by W. M. Hohengarten. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Honneth, Axel. 1996. "Recognition and socialization: Mead's naturalistic transformation of Hegel's idea." Struggle for Recognition: The Moral Grammar of Social Conflicts, by A. Honneth, translated by J. Anderson. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Lewis, J. D. 1979 "A social behaviorist interpretation of the Meadian 'I'." American Journal of Sociology 85:261–87.
Lundgren, D. C. 2004. "Social feedback and self-appraisals: Current status of the Mead-Cooley hypothesis." Symbolic Interaction 27:267–86.
Miller, David L. 1973 G. H. Mead: Self, Language and the World. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
Sánchez de la Yncera, Ignacio. 1994. La Mirada Reflexiva de G.H. Mead. Montalbán, ES: Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas.
Shalin, Dmitri. 1988. "G. H. Mead, socialism, and the progressive agenda." American Journal of Sociology 93:913–51.
Works by or about George Herbert Mead at Internet Archive
Works by George Herbert Mead at Project Gutenberg
Works by George Herbert Mead at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 
Mead Project 2.0 — Mead's published and unpublished writings, many of which are available online, along with others.
"George Herbert Mead"— George Cronk, Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy
George Herbert Mead — Mitchell Aboulafia, Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Review materials for studying George Herbert Mead
Guide to the George Herbert Mead Papers 1855-1968 at the University of Chicago Special Collections Research Center
Integris Health Edmond is a not-for-profit hospital located in Edmond, Oklahoma, and accredited through the Joint Commission. Opened on October 3, 2011, the hospital offers medical, surgical, and rehabilitation services to Oklahoma, Logan, and Lincoln counties.
Health Edmond's campus consists of a full service hospital with 40 inpatient beds and a medical office building. Facilities include a Level III emergency department and an intensive care unit.
Jim Thorpe Rehabilitation offers a variety of services including physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech and language pathology.
2012
Certified Health Oklahoma, Excellent Business Award
2013
Quality Respiratory Care Recognition presented by American Association for Respiratory Care.  This award identifies facilities that use qualified respiratory therapist while maintaining the guidelines set forth by the governing agency.
Voluntary Hospitals of America (VHA) Regional High Performance Award for Emergency Department in Length of Stay and Left Without Being Seen Rate
VHA Regional Patient Safety Award for Clinical Excellence in Prevention of Complications, catheter associated blood stream infections
Press Ganey Guardian of Excellence Award for Physician Partnership. Press Ganey is an organization whose mission is to allow patients to have a voice in how they are treated within a healthcare system.
Press Ganey Guardian of Excellence Award for Patient Satisfaction, Ambulatory Surgery
Official site
Colon longitorsum is a species of round fungus beetle in the family Leiodidae. It is found in North America.
Oxyphil cells are found in oncocytomas of the kidney, endocrine glands, and salivary glands.
Oxyphil+Cells at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (MeSH)
Pittsfield is an unincorporated community located in Brown and Shawano counties, Wisconsin, United States. The Brown County portion of Pittsfield is in the town of Pittsfield, while the Shawano County portion is in the town of Maple Grove. Pittsfield is at the junction of Wisconsin Highway 29 and Wisconsin Highway 156 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Pulaski.
Volodymyr Borysovsky was an Ukrainian builder, electrical engineer, politician.
Borysovsky was from Donetsk Oblast. He graduated Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute in 1956 and until 1963 worked as an electrician and electrical engineer in Kryvyi Rih. In 1961 he joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. In 1963–70 Borysovsky worked at the Dnipropetrovsk regional committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine.
He died 11 February 2012.
Volodymyr Zakharovych Borysovskyi. Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute website.
Volodymyr Borysovsky at the Official Ukraine Today
Escobar Inc is a Colombian multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered in Medellín, Colombia. This corporation has been tied to various alleged scams involving selling refurbished smartphones with Escobar Inc branding such as stickers on the products which do not resemble advertising, or subsequently sending product orders consisting of a book, allowing Escobar Inc to claim the phone had been delivered. It was established on May 1, 1984 by Pablo Escobar, a day after the assassination of the Colombian Minister of Justice Rodrigo Lara Bonilla as a means of funneling large sums of cash outside of Colombia with the help of his brother, Roberto de Jesús Escobar Gaviria. The company is known for its association with Roberto de Jesús Escobar Gaviria, the brother of Pablo Escobar, and various scams involving selling phones.
Originally established on May 1, 1984 by Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria, the day after Colombian Minister of Justice Rodrigo Lara Bonilla's assassination, the company was used as a means of funneling large sums of cash outside of Colombia with the help of his brother Roberto de Jesús Escobar Gaviria. It aided the money laundering of over $420 million in profits made by Pablo Escobar per week. The company and its activities were stopped when Roberto Escobar surrendered to authorities on October 8, 1992.
The company was formed into a legal corporation on April 20, 2015 in Puerto Rico
On July 1, 2016, Escobar Inc sent a letter to Netflix, Inc. regarding the series Narcos demanding $1 billion in payment for unauthorized usage of content. On September 11, 2017, Carlos Muñoz Portal, a location scout from Netflix, was found assassinated in his car in Mexico. Roberto Escobar denied any involvement and offered to provide hitmen as security for Netflix. Escobar Inc, on November 6, 2017, abandoned the dispute.
On April 11, 2016, prior to the 2016 United States presidential election, it was reported by The Washington Post, with the help of Zignal Labs, that Escobar Inc CEO Olof K. Gustafsson had helped Republican candidate Donald Trump obtain social media followers resulting in Trump's social media presence spiking. On January 8, 2019, Gustafsson launched a $50 million GoFundMe fundraiser under his name on behalf of Escobar Inc in an effort to impeach President Trump. After raising $10 million in 10 hours, the page was removed.
In July 2019, Escobar Inc started selling a propane torch made to look like a flamethrower and accused The Boring Company CEO Elon Musk of intellectual property theft, alleging that The Boring Company's promotional Not-a-Flamethrower is based on a design that Roberto Escobar discussed in 2017 with an engineer associated with Musk. Via media, Escobar Inc publicly offered Musk a settlement of $100 million in cash or Tesla shares; otherwise they would use the legal system to take over Tesla. No action has been taken since.
On August 28, 2019, Escobar Inc filed a UDRP complaint regarding cybersquatting of the domain PabloEscobar.com with the then-National Arbitration Forum. The prior owner demanded $3 million for the domain name and on October 7, 2019, the case was ruled in the favor of the company with the domain name ordered to be transferred to the company.
On December 2, 2019, Escobar Inc released what it called the Escobar Fold 1 smartphone featuring a flexible screen, which ended up being a rebadged Royole Flexpai. Two months later, on February 10, 2020, the Escobar Fold 2 was released, which is a Galaxy Fold with poorly-added Escobar branding. Many customers, when ordering the phones, said that they never received them, with only tech influencers actually receiving products. It has also been alleged that Escobar Inc sent bogus product orders consisting of a book, allowing Escobar Inc to claim the phone had been delivered. In May 2020, the company released a refurbished version of the iPhone 11 Pro and allegedly sued Apple for $2.6 billion.
Hoyleton Township is located in Washington County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,142 and it contained 459 housing units. The village of Hoyleton is entirely within Hoyleton Township, and the eastern part of the village of New Minden is also within the township.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of 51.07 square miles (132.3 km2), all of which is land.
City-data.com
Illinois State Archives
Nickel(II) precatalysts are a type of catalyst used in organic reactions.  Many transformations are catalyzed by nickel in organometallic chemistry and in organic synthesis. Many of these transformations invoke a low valent (generally Ni(0)) species as the active catalyst. Unfortunately, unlike its counterpart, Pd(0), Ni(0) catalysts are predominantly confined to the glovebox due to their high instability to air and water, with the most common Ni(0) catalyst being Ni(cod)2. Additionally, Ni(cod)2 is more expensive than many Ni(II) salts and the quality varies significantly amongst suppliers. To make nickel catalysis more accessible and amenable to synthesis and industrial purposes, the use of air-stable Ni(II) precursors has emerged as an important development in this area of research. This page describes the more commonly employed nickel(II) precatalysts, their synthesis for those not commercially available, and the methods for their reduction to Ni(0) complexes.
Ni(II) precatalyst promote Suzuki cross coupling reactions between chloroarenes and arylboronic acids. This catalyst had previously been used by Brandsma in his cyanation of thiophenes. Whereas commercially available Ni(II) catalysts such as NiCl2(PPh3)2 and NiCl2(dppe) did not catalyze Yang's reaction, the Ni(II) catalyst Ni(PPh3)2-(1-naph)Cl yielded 24% of the desired product. Further optimization provided the desired products in 87-99% yield at 60 °C.
Activation of the Ni(II) complex is proposed to occur through transmetalation of the Ni(II) precatalyst with the boronic acid results in a biaryl Ni(II) intermediate which undergoes reductive elimination to product the biaryl product and Ni(0).
An air and moisture stable Ni(II) precatalyst promotes Suzuki-Miyuara cross-coupling of heteroaryl boronic acids with nitrogen- and sulfur-containing heteroaryl halides. The reactions proceeded with 0.5 mol% of [(dppf)Ni(cinnamyl)Cl)] without the need for added ligand in 81-97% yield. The catalyst is stable under air in a closed vial at 0 °C for at least two weeks.
The authors investigated the reduction of [(dppf)Ni(cinnamyl)Cl)] and found that [(dppf)2Ni(0)] was formed quantitatively in 10 minutes at room temperature upon the addition of 2-thienyl boronic acid and K3PO4.
Air stable Ni(II) precatalyst have been developed for Mizoroki-Heck reactions. After several attempts to develop an air-stable precatalyst, the group came upon trans-(PCy2Ph)2Ni(o-tolyl)Cl, which catalyzes the coupling of benzyl chloride and terminal alkenes in 41-96% yield.
The precatalyst can be reduced to Ni(0) via treatment TMSOTf  and base at room temperature within minutes. The authors propose that upon chloride abstraction from the Ni(II) precatalyst, transmetalation between the resulting cationic nickel complex and a second Ni(II) precatalyst produces (PCy2Ph)2Ni(o-tolyl)2 and (PCy2Ph)2Ni(Cl)(OTf). Reductive elimination from (PCy2Ph)2Ni(o-tolyl)2 results in the catalytically active Ni(0) complex. This paper documents the first use of silyl triflate to generate Ni(0).
Air-stable Ni(II) precatalysts also promote the amination of aryl chlorides, sulfamates, mesylates, and triflates. The nickel catalyst, (dppf)Ni(o-tolyl)Cl, can be prepared from ligand exchange with (PPh3)2Ni(o-tolyl)Cl at room temperature in THF. The authors found that additive of MeCN was crucial for high yields of the coupled product.
Interest remains in Ni(II) precatalyst that are air and moisture stable, inexpensive to make, modular (in terms of compatibility with multiple ligand classes), and general (active in numerous reactions). The precatalysts listed above all contain phosphine ligands, limiting their generality for use in other reactions. Simultaneously, the Doyle group   and a group at Pfizer   speculated that use of N,N,N’,N’-tetramethylethylenediamine (TMEDA) as a dummy ligand would allow for in situ ligand exchange with the desired ligand for each particular reaction. The complex [(TMEDA)Ni(o-tolyl)Cl] had the desired properties, showing stability on the bench for at least 3 months. The precatalyst is modular can be used in combination with monodentate and bidentate phosphines, diimine ligands, and NHC ligands. Furthermore, the precatalyst showed comparable results in a wide variety of reactions to other Ni(II) precatalysts or Ni(cod)2.
The reduction of the precatalyst to Ni(0) can occur through several different pathways contingent on the reaction conditions. In reactions containing a boronic acid, the precatalyst can be reduced via transmetalation between the nickel and boron, resulting in the biaryl species which can undergo reductive elimination. In cases where no transmetalating agent or amide ion was present for reduction, a nickel-nickel transmetalation event could occur, giving a biaryl nickel complex and LnNiCl2, which upon reduction of the biaryl, would result in the active Ni(0) complex.
Ni(II) N,N,N pincer complexes are active in Kumada, Sonogashira, and Suzuki-Miyaura coupling reactions with unactivated alkyl halides. In 2016, the group further developed the catalyst to allow for a broader range of coupling partners. The catalyst is air stable and made from NiCl2-glyme. While the complex is never formally reduced to low valent nickel, the complex first undergoes transmetalation with a Grignard reagent (in the Kumada coupling) resulting in a LnNi(II)-alkyl species which can undergo subsequent oxidative addition with the coupling partner.
Commonly, commercially available Ni(II) salts are employed in cross-coupling reactions. These salts require reduction to low-valent nickel to obtain the catalytically active Ni(0) or Ni(I) species. Below is a list of common Ni(II) salts and a representative publication utilizing these salts. Empirically, these precatalysts can be used interchangeably, with the effect on yield ranging from quite minor to loss of reactivity.
While NiCl2 anhydrous is not commonly employed as a precatalyst, the NiCl2-6H2O has seen some use and can be used when cost is a concern. More commonly, NiCl2-dme (or NiCl2-glyme) is used due to its increased solubility in comparison to the hexahydrate.
NiBr2-glyme, and NiBr2-diglyme have been commonly employed by Jarvo and Fu among others, with diglyme showing increased solubility. Empirically, NiBr2-glyme has shown increased reactivity compared to that of NiCl2-glyme for some transformations.
Hydrated nickel iodide has been used.
Addition of Zn0, Mn0, or sodiumamalgam is commonly seen in combination with these NiX2 salts.  A common additive in these cross-coupling reactions is NaI, which some authors have proposed could serve to help promote the electron transfer between Mn and Ni. Weix and coworkers found that by activating the Zn with 2% HCl for 1 minute, reaction times were significantly decreased with little change in the overall yield. Similarly, TMSCl can be used to activate the Mn powder. Both of these techniques remove metal oxides on the surface of the dust, which may inhibit reactivity. Due to the heterogeneity of the reaction mixture, yields are contingent on the rate of stirring, which can pose a problem for larger scale (i.e. process-scale) reactions. Additionally, Weix and coworkers found that reactivity is also contingent on the source and size of the zinc dust.Tetrakis(dimethylamino)ethylene (TDAE) can also function as a single-electron reductant. It can be used to rule out the intermediacy of an in situ formed alkylzinc reagent. Below is a list of redox potentials.
As shown above, many Ni(II) precatalysts can be activated via transmetalation with an organometallic reagent, i.e. boronic acid, organozinc, Grignard. Often this will lead to a LnNiArAr, which can reductive eliminate to give a biaryl compound and LnNi0, and LnNiX2 complex. Alternatively, in the case of Doyle’s catalyst above where two nickel complexes transmetalate, half of the precatalyst is filtered to an inactive LnNiII complex.Several groups have also invoked Ni(I) as the active nickel catalyst. In these instances, it is possible that an initial transmetalation results in a LnNiIIXR intermediate, which can undergo disproportionation to LnNiX2 and LnNiR2. Subsequent reductive elimination from LnNiR2 results in a Ni(0) intermediate which can disproportionate into LnNiIX.
If the coupling reagent is not an organometallic, a sacrificial organometallic reagent such as AlMe3, Et2Zn, or MeMgBr can be added to the reaction to reduce the Ni(II) to Ni(0). This works through two successive transmetalations, yielding a dialkylnickel(II) species, which will readily undergo reductive elimination to release an alkane and the Ni(0) species.
Nickel can readily undergo the formation of a Ni-H in the presence of a hydride source. From a NiX2 precatalyst, two successive transmetalations result in NiH2 which quickly gives off H2 to yield Ni(0). Examples of hydride donors that can effect this transformation are DIBAL, methanol, isopropanol, and various silanes.
Nickel has found widespread use in the field of photoredox catalysis. Commonly, Ni(II) salts (ex. NiCl2-glyme) are employed as precatalysts in these reactions and can be reduced via single electron transfer by the photocatalysts (Ir or Ru) to obtain the active Ni(0) catalyst.
Joseph Grafton Gall (born April 14, 1928) is an American cell biologist who is noted for studies revealing the details of chromosome structure and function. Gall's studies were greatly facilitated by his knowledge of many different organisms because he could select the most favorable organism to study when approaching a specific question about nuclear structure. He was awarded the 2006 Albert Lasker Special Achievement Award. He was also a co-recipient (with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider) of the 2007 Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University. In 1983 he was honored with the highest recognition of the American Society for Cell Biology, the E. B. Wilson Medal. He had been elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1972.
Gall was called "the father of cell biology" in his citation for the Lasker award. Gall was a major contributor to the theory that a chromosome contained one DNA molecule running from one end to the other.  In chromosomes after DNA replication, each of the two daughter chromatids had one DNA molecule running its length.  He revealed this structure by examining amphibian lampbrush chromosomes in the microscope after staining for DNA and for RNA and also after treatment with enzymes that break down DNA or RNA.  Although the Feulgen stain for DNA was not sensitive enough to stain the DNA in the loops of these chromosomes, but only stained the long axis of the structure, the loops were sensitive to DNase so they must contain DNA that maintained their loop structure.  Later, staining with DAPI, a more sensitive dye, revealed the DNA running through each loop and then returning to the axis of the chromosome. He also unveiled the structure and location of the rDNA, the part of the genome that specifies the ribosomal RNA and made many more important discoveries about nuclear structure.Gall and then-graduate student Mary-Lou Pardue wanted to find out where in the chromosomes a distinctive highly repeated DNA sequence called satellite DNA occurred.  To show the location of this special DNA, they developed the widely used laboratory technique known as in situ hybridization. Using this method, they found that satellite DNA occurred at the ends or telomeres of the chromosomes.When Elizabeth Blackburn, 2009 Nobel laureate in Medicine, worked with Gall they analyzed the ends of chromosomes and identified the major short repeated sequence that occurs in telomeres of most higher organisms.  Blackburn and her student Carol Greider later discovered the enzyme telomerase that maintains the lengths of the protective telomeric sequences and identified its role in aging.Joseph Gall currently heads the Gall Lab, a component of the Department of Embryology in the Carnegie Institution for Science, in Maryland.
Gall is credited with encouraging women biologists, a group sometimes called "Gall's Gals", in an era when this was relatively uncommon.  A number of his former students have been elected to the National Academy of Sciences and won major research prizes including the Nobel Prize.  His students have included Joan Argetsinger Steitz, Mary-Lou Pardue, and Elizabeth Blackburn.
One of his students who went on to do important work in cytology is Susan Gerbi.  She co—wrote an article about Gall's life and work in 2003. In her conversations with Gall, when asked to explain his encouragement of women in the sciences, he spoke about his mother. Gifted in math and science, she had been the first woman in her family to attend college, graduating in the 1920s. She became a homemaker, not a scientist. But she urged a young Joseph Gall to explore the natural world, encouraging him to catch bugs and bring them into the house so together they could identify the creatures using scientific reference books. "It never occurred to me that a woman's aptitude was different than a man's," Gall said. "My father -- a lawyer -- was afraid of animals and insects. So, if anything, maybe I thought it went the other way.".
National Academy of Sciences, 1972
EB Wilson Award, 1983
Lasker Award, 2006
Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize, 2007
In 2005, Gall was featured in a series of interviews with well-known television personality, Bill Nye, for the Science Channel's 100 Greatest Discoveries series.
Home Page at the Carnegie Institution
Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize bio
[2] Cell Biology - Joseph G. Gall, Journal of Cell Science (1 October 2003) - A tribute to Gall to mark his 75th birthday
[3] A Remarkable Career In Science - A symposium arranged by Carnegie Institution for Science to honor Gall on his 85th birthday
iBioMagazine: In Situ Hybridization
iBioMicroscopy course: Early History of Microscope
The Pastoral Concert or Le Concert Champêtre is an oil painting of c. 1509 attributed to the Italian Renaissance master Titian. It was previously attributed to his fellow and contemporary Giorgione. It is in the Musée du Louvre in Paris.
This painting was created between approximately 1509 and 1510; the exact date of its creation is unknown. This period also represents a turbulent period of history in Venice, specifically the League of Cambrai's War in 1509. Art historian Jonathan Unglaub suggests that this painting was painted in response to the war, providing an "idyllic refuge from the ravages of history."Shortly after its creation, the artist's identity was forgotten. The painting itself was not famous until the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood chose the painting as an inspiration in the 19th century. There are no pictures, sketches, pre-paintings, or drawings that are known to be associated with this painting. These were most likely not kept because the painter was unknown at the time, and it was not common practice to keep collections of sketches for artists who were not famous.The term "Pastoral" was first used by Nicolas Bernard Lépicié to describe this particular painting in 1754. The Pastoral genre was created based on this painting, which is believed to visually show the Renaissance admiration of classical poetry, an essential value of humanism. This painting is also considered the origin of the Pastoral genre of art because of its connection to pastoral poetry, as seen by the young men gathering in the Italian countryside's lush, picturesque greenery. The pastoral concert or Fête Champêtre genre is described as a gathering in a picturesque landscape. Usually, young men are gathered together in a creative pursuit, seated on the landscape's grass. The paintings themselves are almost always allegories or depictions of mythological characters.This painting is also an example of Venetian painting, a sub-genre of Italian Renaissance painting unique to Venice. Venetian paintings are characterized as having rich color schemes that create a "warm glow" and emphasize naturalism above all else. Venetian paintings also have a specialty in mythological and allegorical themes. The unique use of color is known as colorito, and it was most often found in Venetian painting.The patronage of this painting remains unknown today. Isabella d'Este is a possible candidate for patron due to a so-called bagno she commissioned for her brother Alfonso I d'Este, Duke of Ferrara. Still, the word bagno is now considered to describe a painting by Palma Vecchio, another prominent Venetian painter famous during that time.
The painting portrays three young people on a lawn, playing music together. Next to them, a standing woman is pouring water from a marble basin. The women are naked apart from their drapery, fallen to their legs; the two men are dressed in contemporary 16th century Venetian costume. In a vast, pastoral background, there is a shepherd and a landscape.
The true meaning behind this painting is unknown. It has been heavily theorized and discussed by art historians for decades. Recent theories suggest that this painting may be a commentary on the paragone, the scholarly debate during the Renaissance that tried to determine either painting or sculpture as the superior art form. Venice was one of the artistic epicenters of the paragone between the concepts disegno and colorito, with the latter being a hallmark of Venetian Art. It is proposed that this painting could be an artistic argument, showing how painting and the techniques of colorito are superior to disegno, which was common to Florentine art. Some of the most well known colorito artists from the Venetian Renaissance include Giorgione, Titian, Giovanni Bellini, and Jacopo Bellini.
The painting is understood to be a pastoral landscape in the Italian countryside. It is not explicitly stated or described by historical documents exactly where this painting is set. Still, as it comes from Venice, there is a high possibility in the Venetian countryside. Venetian painting's major specialty is landscape paintings, specifically idyllic landscapes such as Locus amoenus that posit subjects into the Venetian Countryside. This painting shows a meadow with a landscape that has broad slopes down to a water source. Intermixed with this idyllic landscape with buildings that match the typical town/villa style of the 16th century Venice city-state.Christiane Joost-Gaugiere suggests that the painting's landscape was a fictional setting inspired by Virgil's Eclogues, specifically numbers three and eight. The painting's landscape details suggest this particular epilogue because the Shepard's appearance with bagpipes alludes to a possible scene depicting a singing contest of Theocritus from Horace's Ode or Vergil from Virgil's Eclogues (3,7).
The subject was perhaps an allegory of poetry and music; the two women could be an imaginary apparition representing ideal beauty, stemming from the two men's fantasy and inspiration. The woman with the glass vase would be the muse of tragic poetry, while the other would be pastoral poetry. Of the two playing men, the one with the lute would represent the exalted lyric poetry, the other being an ordinary lyricist, according to Aristotle's distinction in his Poetics. Another interpretation suggests that the painting evokes the natural world's four elements (water, fire, earth, and air) and their harmonic relationship.
Another theory is that this painting's subject is an allegorical interpretation of Theocritus's poem about Daphnis, a shepherd thought to be the pastoral poetry founder. Philipp Fehl references this poem in his theory on the identity of the women in the paintings. Theocritus describes Arcadia as the land that the Greek god Pan originates. Arcadia was imagined as a "paradise" by Jacopo Sannazaro in his 15th-century pastoral poem Arcadia, popular around Venice and the surrounding city-states. It is suggested that the nymphs create Arcadia around them, making Arcadia a spiritual state of existence that one establishes.  Philipp Fehl also proposes that this painting symbolizes Ludovico Ariosto's Orlando Furioso, an extremely popular epic poem in the early 16th century. One of Ariosto's most famous patrons was Ippolito d'Este and his older sister, Isabella d'Este, the possible patron of this painting.Julia Marianne Koos's theory suggests that the painting is an allegory for the discourse of love. In the Italian Renaissance, it was believed that nature was a "mirror of the lover's soul and an idyllic place of refuge".  This specific painting's allegory on love's discourse was believed to be originating from Pietro Bembo's poetic musing on desire, such as his poem The Asolani. The concept of "desire" depicted in art was a heated debate in the 16th century, as seen in writings such as  Leonardo da Vinci's Trattato della pittura.Art Historian Ross Kilpatrick suggests that two ancient literature texts, Horace's Epistles and Propertius's Elegy, were the significant pieces of inspiration behind this painting.
A leading theory on the women's identities in the painting was put forth by Phillipp Fehl in 1957, postulating that the women are Nymphs, minor ancient Greek goddesses, and not human. He stipulates that the nymphs have been lured out of the woods toward the music being created by the men in the pastoral. Fehl also maintains that these nymph women are invisible to the men in the painting but are visible to us, the viewer. Also according to Fehl, the closest poetic work that matches this painting is William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. He uses this passage from A Midsummer Night's Dream to support his theory of the nymphs being invisible to human eyes:
"But who comes here? I am invisible,
And I will overhear their conference."The use of nymphs from Ancient Greek mythology is common for Italian Renaissance paintings due to the deep appreciation for the antiquity of Greek and Rome, a common aspect of Humanism popular during the Renaissance.Elhanian Motzkin identifies the nude female figure on the left as iInspiration and the right to be Euterpe, the Greek muse of music. In addition to identifying the female figures, Motzkin also put forth the identity of the men. Building off of the original theories of Phillipp Fehl, Motzkin identifies the men as Apollo and Paris, with Apollo teaching Paris how to play the lute. He also posits that the formerly unidentified herdsman in the far right background is Paris' adoptive father. The latter raised him after being abandoned by his parents Priam and Hecuba.There are multiple unexplainable issues in this painting, the most prominent being the female figure's inclusion on the left pouring water out of a clear jug into a well. The women's identity remains a mystery.
Ross Kilpatrick's theory states that the woman on the left's identity in unknown, but possibly takes inspiration from Horace's epic Epistles, which places Horace in the Bandusian Spring's basin, a mystical body of water that also shows up in Propertius's work. The concept of a "mystical spring" presents itself in Epistles, referencing the Greek Muse Calliope. The town of the Sabine Villa included in Horace's Epistles 2.2 has a freshwater spring from which Calliope gathers water. In Horace's tale, the town itself has a fountain with the inscription: " Bandusian Spring, more gleaming than glass." Kirkpatrick suggests that this could be the inspiration for the inclusion of the figure pouring water.
The attribution of this painting has been a debate for hundreds of years. The painting was believed to have been painted by Giorgione. Still, recent painting analysis shows that Titian, a follower of Giorgione, was the creator. There are many theories as to who created the painting, but there is no documentation that proves attribution. Christiane Joost Gaugier suggests that Giorgione started the painting, but he died in 1511 before finishing the painting. He believes that Titian, Giorgione's protégé, completed the painting in honor of his departed mentor. Gaugier states that the lutenist in red on the left symbolizes a youthful Giorgione who is in the midst of teaching the rustic man the lute, a man understood to be a young Titian. Gaugier understands this painting as an allegory for the mentor – protégé relationship the two artists shared.The painting has also been attributed to Palma the Elder, Sebastiano del Piombo, Domenico Mancini, and Giovanni Bellini. These theories, however, are not as prominent as the theories that attribute the painting to Titian or Giorgione due to a lack of historical evidence and restoration efforts. The theory of attribution to Domenico Mancini is gaining some ground in recent years as contextual evidence and historical documents have been analyzed.
The painting was attributed to Giorgione until the 20th century, mostly because the Giorgione himself was included in Giorgio Vasari's Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects. While not explicitly named in the book, this passage is inferred: "a musician who played the lute for musicians and continually enjoyed the pleasures of love." This passage refers to the artist because the description matched so closely to the subject of this painting. Giorgione's painting The Tempest (Giorgione) is referenced in this painting through the use of colored hosiery worn by the male subjects, a symbol of Compagnie della Calza, an elite patrician order of young men.
The painting was initially attributed to Giorgione, but modern critics assign it more likely to the slightly younger Titian. The figures' robustness is thought more typical of his style. Titian's painting The Adrians is used by Phillip Fehl to show the use of symbolic detail by Titian to credit this painting to Titian. Alfonso, I d'Este,  Duke of Ferrara, commissioned The Andrians, Isabella d'Este brother. Titian's connection to the House of Este family's patronage is used as evidence to ascertain that Titian was the real creator of this painting.The painting itself fits closer to Titian's artistic style because of the artist's use of symbolic minute detail and Rubenesque bodies in the genre of Venetian painting.
A theory postulated by Charles Hope suggests that the author of the painting is Domenico Mancini, a contemporaneous painter and follower of Giorgione and Titian. Mancini's Lendinara Cathedral altarpiece is stylistically similar to The Concert, as well as his Madonna with Saints Francis and Roch. The latter painting is dated 1511, very close to the timeline of completion for this painting. As Hope points out, The Concert itself has not been cleaned. It is impossible to tell if the painting could be Mancini's without proper restoration.As an artist, Mancini was known to borrow elements and mimic the style of certain Italian Masters. His painting Madonna with Saints Francis and Roch takes significant cues from Giovanni Bellini's San Zaccaria Altarpiece.
The Gonzaga family, the lords of Mantua, a noble Italian city-state, owned the work. The painting was later sold to Charles I of England in about 1627, possibly acquired through Henry Fitzalan, 12th Earl of Arundel, a close friend and courtier in Charles I's court. When the English royal collections were dispersed following the revolution of 1649, the painting was sold at auction by the Commonwealth of England to the German banker and art collector, Eberhard Jabach. He, in turn, sold it to Jean-Baptiste Colbert on behalf of Louis XIV in 1671. The painting was later traced in 1736 to Françoise-Athénaïs de Rochechouart, Marquise de Montespan's son, Duc d' Antin and his collection at the Palace of Versailles. After 1792, the painting was transferred from the French royal art collection to the Louvre Museum during the French Revolution. It remains in their collection to this day.Copies of this painting were widely available, mostly in Holland, and reproductions frequently were found in the Dutch Art Market in Amsterdam.
The Dutch artist Jan de Bisschop copied this painting into a famous engraving as part of his traditional practice copying the Italian Renaissance masters' art. Eugène Delacroix was also said to have made a copy of this painting after witnessing it in the Louvre museum in 1824. His copy is now lost to the art world, but still it is rumored to possibly be one of the inspirations for his famous painting Women of Algiers. Some other artists' rumored to have copied this painting are Edgar Degas and Henri Fantin-Latour.Édouard Manet conceived his Le déjeuner sur l'herbe after viewing the painting in the Louvre museum.Dante Gabriel Rossetti wrote a poem titled A Venetian Pastoral, by Giorgione, in the Louvre, which was explicitly written about this painting. His poetry was created to move the reader triangularly through the canvas, hopping from subject to subject. This specific sonnet was included in his Poems in 1870.
100 Great Paintings, 1980 BBC series
Austern, Linda Phyllis (2002). Music, Sensation, and Sensuality. Taylor & Francis Group. pp. 30–31. ISBN 9780815334217.
Kessel, Elsje van (2017). The Lives of Paintings: Presence, Agency, and Likeness in Venetian Art of the Sixteenth Century. De Gruyter, Inc. pp.75–76 ISBN 9783110485899.
Nichols, Tom (2013). Titian: And the End of the Venetian Renaissance. Reaktion Books, Limited. pp.30–31. ISBN 9781780231860.
Phillips, Sir Claude (2008). Titian. Parkstone International. pp.49–52.  ISBN 9781844844364.
Wilde, Johannes (1974). Venetian art from Bellini to Titian. Oxford:Clarendon Press. pp. 116–119 ISBN 9780198173274.
François, Aline. "The Pastoral Concert". The Louvre. Retrieved 4 October 2020.
Camara., Dr. Esperanca. "Titian, Pastoral Concert". Khan Academy.
"Titian's Pastoral Concert – ItalianRenaissance.org". www.italianrenaissance.org. Retrieved 2020-10-04.
Francis Hauksbee the Elder FRS (1660–1713), also known as Francis Hawksbee, was an 18th-century English scientist best known for his work on electricity and electrostatic repulsion.
Francis Hauksbee was the son of draper and common councillor Richard Hauksbee and his wife Mary. He was baptized on 27 May 1660 in the parish of St Mary-at-the-Walls, Colchester. He was the fifth of five sons.  In 1673 Hauksbee entered Colchester Royal Grammar School. From 1678 to at least 1685 he apprenticed as a draper in the City of London, initially to his eldest brother. He was married no later than May 1687, when a daughter was born. Five of his eight children survived infancy. From 1687 to 1703, he may have run his own drapery shop. From at least March 1701, he lived at Giltspur Street, where he made air-pumps and pneumatic engines.The transition from drapery to scientific instrumentation and experimentation is not well documented. Historians have had to speculate about the events that lead to Hauksbee engagement with the Royal Society. Hauksbee became Isaac Newton's lab assistant. He became a member of the Royal Society on 30 November 1703. On 15 December 1703, he made his first experimental demonstration to the Society (a new air-pump and the phenomenon of ‘mercurial phosphorus,’ a kind of electrostatic discharge). This was also the first meeting chaired by Isaac Newton, 
who had just become president of the Society, and wished to resurrect the Royal Society's weekly demonstrations.Hauksbee was an instrument maker and appointed as chief experimentalist of the Royal Society.
He was never formally appointed as Curator of experiments, even though he fulfilled the functions customarily associated with that office, and he never received a fixed salary. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 30 November 1705, with lowest social class status among the previously-elected Fellows.By 1709 Hauksbee had established himself at Wine Office Court, and by 1712 at Hind Court, both near Fleet Street and the Royal Society's house at Crane Court. He died at Hind Court and was buried in St Dunstan's-in-the-West, London on 29 April 1713. John Theophilus Desaguliers succeeded Hauksbee at the Royal Society, appointed as Demonstrator and Curator in 1714, by invitation from Isaac Newton, who was still President.
Hauksbee's primary contributions were that he was a talented scientific instrument-maker and a creative experimenter, who was able to discover unknown and unexpected phenomena, especially his observations about electrical attraction and repulsion.Until 1705, most of these experiments were air pump experiments of a mundane nature, but Hauksbee then turned to investigating the luminosity of mercury which was known to emit a glow under barometric vacuum conditions.
He was the first to observe, in the early 1700s, that it was possible to use glass for electrical experiments.By 1705, Hauksbee had discovered that if he placed a small amount of mercury in the glass of his modified version of Otto von Guericke's generator, evacuated the air from it to create a mild vacuum and rubbed the ball in order to build up a charge, a glow was visible if he placed his hand on the outside of the ball. This remarkable discovery was unprecedented at the time. This glow was bright enough to read by. It seemed to be similar to St. Elmo's fire. This effect later became the basis of the gas-discharge lamp, which led to neon lighting and mercury vapor lamps. In 1706 he produced an 'influence machine' to generate this effect.Hauksbee continued to experiment with electricity, making numerous observations and developing machines to generate and demonstrate various electrical phenomena.
In 1708, Hauksbee independently discovered Charles's law of gases, which states that, for a given mass of gas at a constant pressure, the volume of the gas is proportional to its temperature.
Hauksbee published accounts of his experiments in the Royal Society's journal Philosophical Transactions. In 1709 he self-published Physico-Mechanical Experiments on Various Subjects which collected together many of these experiments along with discussion that summarized much of his scientific work. An Italian translation was published in 1716.A second edition was published posthumously in 1719. There were also translations to Dutch (1735) and French (1754).
The Royal Society Hauksbee Awards, awarded in 2010, were given by the Royal Society to the “unsung heroes of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.”
"Hauksbee, Francis". Complete Dictionary of Scientific Biography. Encyclopedia.com. Retrieved 24 April 2018.
Electricity in the 17th and 18th Centuries: a study of early Modern Physics (J. L. Heilbron)
In-depth Electrical Machine (credits Hauksbee with building the "first true electrical machine" c. 1700) From the Museo Galileo, has photographs of various electric machines.
Lyndon Hooper (born May 30, 1966) is a Canadian former professional soccer player and former assistant coach of the Toronto Lynx soccer team of the United Soccer Leagues First Division. He was a prominent Canadian international.
Guyana-born but moving to Ottawa at age 11, Hooper turned professional in 1987 with the Ottawa Intrepid of the Canadian Soccer League. He continued to play for Wilfrid Laurier University in the autumns from 1986 to 1990 and was named second-team CIAU all-Canadian in 1986 and 1987. In 1986, he played in the National Soccer League with Toronto Blizzard. He went on to play for CSL teams the Montreal Supra, and returned to Toronto Blizzard in 1990.The 5'8, 160 lbs. Hooper played in the Football League with Birmingham City in the 1993–94 season. His first game for Birmingham City was on 6 October 1993; a second city derby away at Aston Villa where Birmingham lost 1–0. Hooper returned to North America to play for A-League teams the Montreal Impact from 1994 to 1998, Hampton Roads Mariners in 1999, and Toronto Lynx, retiring as a player with the Lynx in 2001. Hooper played amateur soccer for Scarborough GS United in the 2005–06 season. The team won the Senior (open age) Men's Canadian Club Championship.
Hooper is the sixth most capped player in the history of the Canadian national team, having made 68 'A' team appearances (scoring 2 goals) between 1986 and 1997. He made his debut for Canada in an August 1986 Merlion Cup match against Singapore. He represented Canada in 18 FIFA World Cup qualification matches. His final international was a June 1997 World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica.
He also represented Canada at the inaugural 1989 FIFA Futsal World Championship.
Scores and results list Canada's goal tally first.
When he retired from soccer he served as a sports consultant with the Toronto Sports Council and earned his Level "B" coaching license while coaching the U17 Ontario Provincial Team. On March 3, 2005 he was appointed the new assistant coach for the Toronto Lynx, under Hubert Busby Jr.. But when the Lynx finished with a league worst 3 wins, 17 losses, and 8 ties, the worst performance in league history, he and Busby both left their coaching roles after one season with the club.
Hooper has recently started an elite soccer camp in the Durham Region of Ontario where he resides. The soccer camp has embarked on its journey to building a new generation of Canadian homegrown talent.
Hooper's sister is star soccer player Charmaine Hooper and Ian Hooper, a former professional and collegiate soccer player at NC State and current Director of Business Operations for the Ottawa Champions Baseball Club. Hooper is married to Jennifer Beckford and has two kids, Trey and Taylor Hooper. He was born and raised in Georgetown, Guyana then moved to Canada in 1978.
Player profile - Canada Soccer
Lyndon Hooper at National-Football-Teams.com
Walter Paul Minx (February 7, 1917 – June 30, 2009) was a young German immigrant who, in 1940, conspired with his brother Kurt , to extort $100,000 from a Sears Co. executive by threatening to blow up a Sears store in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Minx planned to abscond with the money in a home-built submarine but quick police work eventually led to his arrest and imprisonment.
Walter Minx's family emigrated from Germany to Milwaukee in 1925. He was nicknamed "Der Macher" (The Doer) because of his ability to build almost anything. In his early twenties, Walter opened an ornamental ironworks shop and the business was soon thriving. But despite the amount of work coming in, Walter was in serious debt. He'd borrowed money from relatives and was uncertain of his ability to pay it back. "I was petrified," he would later tell a reporter, "I was terrified." So he decided on a quick money-making scheme: he would extort money from a rich man using a bomb threat.Minx first set about building a bomb using a one-inch metal pipe, gunpowder collected from 35 12-gauge shotgun shells, a wind-up clock and a spring mechanism. Minx related that, "It took a long time to get the trigger just right." But he had an even more ambitious project going on the side: a one-man submarine.Minx needed a foolproof method of retrieving the extortion money without getting caught and a submarine, with its ability to submerge and creep away undetected from a watery drop-off point, seemed ideal. One newspaper account said he got the notion from reading a story in a detective magazine but Minx later claimed it was entirely his own idea. Using sheet metal, tin cans and plumbing fixtures, he set about constructing his sub.The first prototype proved inadequate to the task and was later found by the police, resting in a patch of weeds behind his parents’ home at 3725-A N. Holton St. Minx began work on a second model.The resulting craft was seven feet long, powered by automobile batteries connected to a small electric starter motor. It weighed about 400lbs. Moveable fins on the exterior hull enabled the sub to dive while two-gallon tin cans inside could be filled with lake water using a valve made from a kitchen sink faucet. The cans acted as ballast tanks and helped maintain neutral buoyancy once the vessel dipped below the waves. A small pressurized oxygen tank allowed the sub to stay submerged up to 48 hours. The sub's operator navigated via a conning tower featuring clear celluloid windows on three sides. Hand-operated levers were used to raise and lower the diving fins and steer the rudder while a radiator petcock could be opened to regulate interior air pressure when necessary. The sub's entry hatch could be bolted closed and opened from the inside.Once completed, Minx and his brother Kurt then tested the sub several times in the shallow waters of Whitefish Bay. It seemed to work satisfactorily.The man targeted for the extortion plot was Rowland H. Davie whose picture Minx had once seen in a newspaper. Davie managed the Sears stores in Milwaukee and Minx figured that "...a fellow like that would get a big salary." Minx's plan was for Davie to hire a small plane from Curtis Wright Airport (now known as Lawrence J. Timmerman Airport) at 7:30pm on July 26, fly in a designated straight line and drop a money bundle containing $100,000 over Lake Michigan upon sighting two blinking lights (coming from Minx's sub). The plane was to continue flying another 50 miles before turning back, giving Minx time to maneuver his submarine over to the bundle and retrieve the money. He would then submerge for several hours before deliberately scuttling the craft off McKinley Beach and swimming to shore where his car was parked nearby.
Minx wrote out a crudely printed note informing Davie that a small bomb would be detonated at a local Sears store and a larger one would follow if Davie didn't deliver the $100,000 as directed. On July 23, 1940, Minx placed the note on the porch of Davie's house. Unbeknownst to Minx, however, Davie no longer lived there. It was now occupied by Circuit Judge William Shaughnessy who promptly contacted the police. The following day, Minx planted a small bomb in a storeroom at the Sears store on North Ave, timing it to go off when few people would be inside. At 6:18pm the bomb exploded, holing a plywood partition and damaging a few lawn mowers.But the plot was developing a few kinks. Walter and Kurt were having trouble with the sub. In the calm shallows of Whitefish Bay it had performed flawlessly. But when they tried taking it out into deeper waters they couldn't fully submerge the vessel because the waves were too rough. Walter decided an alternate drop-off scheme was needed so he spent several days devising a new arrangement to be executed via motorcycle. He also drafted new letters delivered to Davie explaining the change in plans.In the meantime, police were able to determine that metal fragments from the Sears store bomb blast were of a type used in ornamental iron-work. A Sears store employee then remembered that some cashiers cages had been built by one Walter Minx. The police paid a visit to Walter's shop and found scrap metal matching the bomb fragments. Arrested at his home, Minx immediately confessed to the extortion plot. But despite his insistence that his brother Kurt had backed out of the scheme earlier on, he too was arrested and tried. Both men were convicted and sentenced to prison. A request for pardon was turned down by then-Governor Julius Heil.
Walter Minx was released from prison in 1946. He moved from Milwaukee to Saukville, Wisconsin, married, opened a hardware store (Minx Hardware) and later became a master plumber. He also obtained a pilot's license and built a 36-foot cabin cruiser in his backyard. Yet he was never quite able to shake his past notoriety. Late in his life he told a reporter, "I am bitter for 50 years. I paid my debt to society. I was guilty, there was no question about it. But there shouldn't even have been a trial. I confessed. All my work is for naught. I'm still an ex-con. It still brings emotion." Minx participated in a 1949 NASCAR race at Langhorne Speedway, he crashed finishing 43rd.  https://www.racing-reference.info/driver/Walter_MinxIn 1983 Minx and his wife Eleanor moved to Port Charlotte, Florida. He died at Winkler Court, Fort Myers, Florida on June 30, 2009. He was 92 years old.
Palur  is a village in the Srirangam taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu, India.
As per the 2001 census, Palur had a population of 1,406 with 695 males and 711 females. The sex ratio was 1023 and the literacy rate, 78.57.
"Primary Census Abstract - Census 2001". Directorate of Census Operations-Tamil Nadu. Archived from the original on 17 February 2011.
Lake Jefferson is a lake in Le Sueur County, Minnesota, United States. The lake covers an area of 1,141 acres (4.62 km2) and is 37 feet (11 m) deep at its deepest point. Fish species enzootic to Lake Jefferson include bluegill, largemouth bass, northern pike, and walleye. While the Geographic Names Information System considers Lake Jefferson to be a single lake, it is sometimes referred to as two lakes, East Jefferson Lake and West Jefferson Lake. There are four sections: lower Jefferson, middle Jefferson, upper Jefferson, and Swedes Bay. The lake drains to German Lake through a connecting culvert, and is part of the Cannon River watershed.The lake was named for Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States.
East Jefferson Lake at Lake-Link.com
West Jefferson Lake at Lake-Link.com
Lake information reports for East Jefferson, Middle Jefferson, and West Jefferson lakes from Minnesota Department of Natural Resources.Cannon River Watershed Minnesota PCA
The Ambassador of Malaysia to Bosnia and Herzegovina is the head of Malaysia's diplomatic mission to Bosnia and Herzegovina. The position has the rank and status of an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and is based in the Embassy of Malaysia, Sarajevo.
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Malaysia relations
The Port of Key West is a port in Key West, Florida. It includes Key West Bight, Garrison Bight at City Marina, as well as three docks utilized by cruise ships.
The first cruise ship to adopt the port was the Sunward in 1969. It docked at Pier B, which was owned at that time by the U.S. Navy. 
In 1984, the city opened a cruise terminal at Mallory Square. The decision was met with opponents who claimed that it would disrupt the tradition of watching the sunset at Mallory Square.In 2013, a referendum to widen the ship channel was defeated by 73% of voters. The proposal, backed by the Key West Chamber of Commerce, was intended to accommodate larger cruise ships and would have required dredging 17 acres of sea bottom, which includes endangered corals, in the protected Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary.In 2020, Key West voters approved three amendments to the City Charter which prohibit large cruise ships, limit daily disembarkations, and prioritize cruise ships with superior public health and environmental records. The amendments, sponsored by the Key West Committee for Safer, Cleaner Ships, passed with 61% to 81% approval.
Cruise ships are serviced by three separate terminals. Mallory Pier is owned and operated by the City of Key West; the Outer Mole Pier is federally owned and operated by the City through a lease agreement with the U.S. Navy; and Pier B is operated by Pier B Development Corporation through a lease agreement with the State of Florida. The city's restrictions on cruise ships apply equally to all three ports.A domestic ferry port operates near the Bight of Key West. The port is among the busiest passenger ports in the United States and one of Florida's most important and oldest ferry ports. The port conducts passenger ferry and cruise service to and from Miami, Tampa, Jacksonville, Fort Myers, Port Everglades, Cape Canaveral, and Marco Island, Florida. This allows passengers to travel to Key West without using the busy U.S. 1 Overseas Highway Corridor.
A United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) investigation issued a Finding of No Significant Impact. A proposed plan to dredge the channel was criticized because it would require dredging in the canal and in the surrounding area with possible silting and related damage to sea life, which could affect Key West's seafood industry.
The cruise ship industry delivers people to the city, where they contribute to the economy by spending at local businesses. This adds about $85 million to business revenues. The port contributes 1,260 jobs. These figures are a significant fraction of the city's economy.
This is a list of lists of black holes.
List of black holes.
List of most massive black holes
List of nearest black holes
Lists of astronomical objects
Meroo River, also called Meroo Creek, a watercourse that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the central western district of New South Wales, Australia.
The river rises on the western slopes of the Capertee Valley, near Triangle Swamp, and flows generally north, west, and north-west, joined by three minor tributaries, before reaching its confluence with the Cudgegong River, where it is impounded as Lake Burrendong; descending 434 metres (1,424 ft) over its 96 kilometres (60 mi) course.
Rivers of New South Wales
List of rivers of Australia
Proust Was a Neuroscientist is a non-fiction book written by Jonah Lehrer, first published in 2007. In it, Lehrer argues that many 20th and 21st-century discoveries of neuroscience are actually re-discoveries of insights made earlier by various artists, including Gertrude Stein, Walt Whitman, Paul Cézanne, Igor Stravinsky, and, as alluded to in the title, Marcel Proust.
Lehrer became embroiled in controversy following the publication of his third book, Imagine: How Creativity Works (2012), and his work was subject to charges of plagiarism and fabrication. Though one of his other books, How We Decide, was pulled from publication, Proust Was a Neuroscientist, was found by his publisher to be without significant problems and would remain in print.
How We Decide
Book review at New York Times
Critique of book at Slate.com
Review at Salon.com
Article at BookForum
The Xingu corydoras (Corydoras xinguensis) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the subfamily Corydoradinae of the family Callichthyidae.  It originates in inland waters in South America, and is found in the upper Xingu River basin in Brazil.  It is named for the river in which it is found.  In the system of "C-Numbers" developed by the German fishkeeping magazine DATZ to identify undescribed species of Corydoras in the aquarium hobby, this fish had been assigned numbers "C55", "C105", "C106", "C107", and "C108" until these were correctly identified.
The fish will grow in length up to 1.5 inches (3.7 centimeters).  It lives in a tropical climate in water with a 6.0–8.0 pH, a water hardness of 2–25 dGH, and a temperature range of 72–79 °F (22–26 °C).  It feeds on worms, benthic crustaceans, insects, and plant matter.  It lays eggs in dense vegetation and adults do not guard the eggs.
The Xingu corydoras is of commercial importance in the aquarium trade industry.
As they mature they develop a pinkish tinge to their main body colouration which is broken by brown speckles.
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
Froese, Rainer and Pauly, Daniel, eds. (2011). "Corydoras xinguensis" in FishBase. December 2011 version.
Evers, Hans-Georg. "A system called "C-Numbers"". Archived from the original on June 19, 2006. Retrieved 2006-06-08.
Neivamyrmex pilosus is a species of army ant in the family Formicidae.
Neivamyrmex pilosus beebei (Wheeler, 1921)
Neivamyrmex pilosus mandibularis (Smith, 1942)
Neivamyrmex pilosus mexicanus (Smith, 1859)
Neivamyrmex pilosus pilosus (Smith, 1858)
John Reading (c. 1685/86 – 2 September 1764) was an English composer, organist and copyist (his name, like the town, is pronounced "Redding"—a spelling variant of his name which occurs in several documents).  His greatest importance lies in his work as a transcriber, arranger, and copyist of a wide variety of music.
Little is known of John Reading's early life.  He was probably the son of the composer and organist John Reading (c. 1645–1692) who from 1681 until his death was organist and Master of the Choristers at Winchester College.  The younger Reading received the best possible musical training, being a chorister of the Chapel Royal, where he was taught by John Blow.  He would almost certainly have sung at the funerals of Henry Purcell and Queen Mary.  It was tradition, when the choristers' voices broke, for the Chapel Royal to find them their first appointment. Reading was placed as organist at Dulwich College, a position he held for two years (1700–1702), after which he moved to Lincoln Cathedral, becoming Master of the Choristers there in 1703, a post that his father had previously held.  By 1708 he was organist of St John's, Hackney in London, a position he held for some 20 years. This was a church with a strong musical tradition, and one of the first to be furnished with an organ after the Restoration.  In 1727 he became organist of the combined churches of St Mary Woolnoth and St Mary Woolchurch Haw in the City of London.   In addition he took up the post of organist at St Dunstan's-in-the-West.  He was an early member of the Royal Society of Musicians.  He died in London.  His portrait hangs in the Dulwich College Art Gallery.
Reading was a notable organist, composer and teacher, but his great contribution to music lies in his activities as a copyist.  He lived at a time when musical taste was evolving quickly.  The development of English organ music lagged a long way behind that of the continent, but the Fantasy and the Voluntary were popular forms, and were becoming strongly influenced by the Italian style of Vivaldi and Corelli whilst the sound of the English organ was being influenced by the sound of the reeds in French organs.
These changes in style were obviously reflected in the organ playing of Reading, because in 1719 a representation was made to him while organist of the Church of St John-at-Hackney about "irregularities relating to the execution of his Office as Organist of this Parish, and particularly for playing the Voluntary too long, and using persistently too light, Airy and Jyggy Tunes, no ways proper to raise the Devotion Suitable for a Religious Assembly." Reading's playing was showing his admiration for the Italian style.  In the preface to his A Book of New Songs (1710) he writes of the Italian influence in opera houses in London that "our English composers might be inspired with ye utmost delicacy of a Roman Genius."   Although Reading promised to "amend" he was eventually dismissed from his post in Hackney.
Reading must have retained great affection for Dulwich College where he had had his first post, for he donated 12 volumes of his music which he had collected, transcribed and arranged.  These volumes, now in the archives in Dulwich, are an important source of English organ music.  They also contain psalm settings, harpsichord music and verse anthems which he had arranged for unison voices.  His transcriptions are accurate, and his attributions are reliable.  However, he sometimes "improved" upon pieces as he copied them, adding octaves in the bass.  He saw the sections of a voluntary as interchangeable, sometimes indicating after an introduction: "follow this with any fugue".   The manuscripts often have detailed registration marks, with first movements played on diapasons and second voluntaries marked "Full Organ", followed by a fugue for full organ.  Most of his compositions have a seriousness of purpose—far from the frivolity suggested by the reaction of the congregation in Hackney.
Carnelley, John (2001). The John Reading Manuscripts of Dulwich College. Dulwich.
Sadie, Stanley, ed. (1980). The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians. Macmillan Publishers Limited. ISBN 1-56159-174-2.
Free scores by John Reading at the International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP)
Free scores by John Reading in the Choral Public Domain Library (ChoralWiki)
Colymbiformes is a disused order of birds that was once used to classify grebes and loons. Scientific study has revealed that these two types of waterbirds are not so closely related; they have been reclassified in the orders Podicipediformes and Gaviiformes, respectively.
"Colymbiformes". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2005. Encyclopædia Britannica Premium Service.
A traditional Spanish garden is a style of garden or designed landscape developed in historic Spain, incorporating principles and elements of garden design from precedents in ancient Persian gardens, Roman gardens and Islamic gardens, and the great Moorish gardens (historically known as riyads) of the Al-Andalus era on the Iberian Peninsula. In the 20th and 21st centuries a  'Spanish Garden,' or new gardens in Spain, have continued, interpreted, abstracted, or departed from these traditional planning and aesthetic motifs.
Traditionally, the paradise garden is interpreted with a central cross axis, in the four cardinal directions, with long ponds or water channels (a rill or stylized qanat) where water reflects and flows, set in a walled courtyard. The remaining quadrants often had fruit trees and fragrant plants. Thus, characteristic sensory experiences are refreshing coolness, humidity, sounds, greenery, and fragrance. This type of garden is compatible with the Spanish climate of sun and heat.  Provisions for shade are given with the use of arcades, pergolas, trellising, and garden pavilions. Ceramic elements and tiles are often used: in water features; for structural, decorative, and seating elements; and as paving; with solid fields, embellishments and accents; and in pottery. A clarity from the symmetrical simplicity often results.
Spain has a long tradition of making gardens. Significant gardens were made by:
immigrants from the Carthaginian and Roman Empires; for example, the Palmeral of Elche in Alicante
nobility, Christians in the Spanish Medieval period
Islamic rulers and artisans of Al-Andalus, the Moorish Iberian Peninsula or Spanish territories, especially in present-day Andalusia in Southern Spain; for example, the Alhambra, Generalife in Granada.
post-Reconquista Mudéjar design and artisans; for example, the Alcázar of Seville.
catholic monarchs during the Spanish Renaissance, Spanish Gothic, and Spanish Baroque periods; for example, the Royal Palace of La Granja de San Ildefonso.
landowning and business dynasties during the Romantic and Modern periods; for example, Park Güell.
civic projects and expositions; for example, Maria Luisa Park and Plaza de España in Seville.
In 21st century Spain, gardens are designed by garden and landscape designers, horticulturalists, artists, architects, and landscape architects; for example, the Olympic village public outdoor spaces for the 1992 Barcelona Olympics or the public spaces for the Universal Exposition of Seville Expo '92.Many historic gardens are protected by a heritage designation, Jardín histórico.
Gardening in Spain
List of garden types
Correcher, Consuelo (1993). The Gardens of Spain. Harry N. Abrahms. ISBN 0-8109-3370-5.
Segall, Barbara (1999). The Garden Lover's Guide to Spain and Portugal. Princeton Architectural Press. pp. 8–10. ISBN 1-56898-161-9.
Goodwin, Godfrey (1990). Islamic Spain. Chronicle Books. ISBN 0-87701-692-5.
Jordan Kessler is an American film producer.
Jordan Kessler at IMDb
Alexander Hamilton Revell Sr. (6 January 1858, in Chicago – 13 March 1931, in Chicago) was an American businessman from Chicago who in 1876 founded the Alexander H. Revell & Co. and built it into a large furniture retailer. Revell was a charter member of the Field Museum of Natural History who sponsored a 1927 trip to Alaska to collect Kodiak bear specimens. Revell died by falling or jumping from his bathroom window on the 9th floor of the Drake Hotel.
Information on the A.H. Revell Building in Chicago
An 1883 Alexander Revell & Co. Catalog
In the run up to the 2007 Polish parliamentary election, various organisations carried out opinion polling to gauge voting intention in Poland. Results of such polls are displayed in this article.
Marshal General of France, originally "Marshal General of the King's camps and armies" (French: maréchal général des camps et armées du roi), was a title given to signify that the recipient had authority over all of the French armies, in the days when a Marshal of France usually governed only one army. This dignity was bestowed only on Marshals of France, usually when the dignity of Constable of France was unavailable or, after 1626, suppressed.
There have only been six holders of this title in the history of France:
Five in the pre-revolutionary kingdom of France:
Charles de Gontaut, duc de Biron (1562–1602):
Admiral of France, 1592
Admiral and Marshal, 26 January 1594
unclear when promoted to Marshal General
executed in 1602
François de Bonne, duc de Lesdiguières (1543–1626):
Marshal, 27 September 1609
Marshal General, 30 March 1621
Constable of France, 6 July 1622
Henri de La Tour d'Auvergne, vicomte de Turenne (1611–1675):
Marshal, 16 November 1643
Marshal General, 4 April 1660
Claude-Louis-Hector de Villars (1653–1734):
Marshal, 20 October 1702
Marshal General, 18 October 1733
Maurice, comte de Saxe (1696–1750):
Marshal, 26 March 1744
Marshal General, 12 January 1747One during the July Monarchy under the House of Orléans' sole, constitutional king, Louis Philippe:
Jean-de-Dieu Soult (1769–1851):
Marshal of the Empire, 19 May 1804
Marshal General, 15 September 1847
Quid.fr (French language online encyclopedia)
web.genealogie: les militaires (also online)
Harper Encyclopedia of Military Biography, edited by Trevor N. Dupuy et al. (most dates are from the latter)
Scrobipalpa bulganensis is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Dalibor Povolný in 1969. It is found in Mongolia.
Mavis Thorpe Clark AM (26 June 1909 – 8 July 1999) was an Australian novelist and writer for children who was born in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.Clarke was educated at Methodist Ladies' College in Melbourne and published her first work in the school's magazine. She then published prolifically throughout her writing career, writing mainly for children and young adults, but also writing biographies, short stories, newspaper serials and non-fiction.
In 1932, Clark married Harold Latham and in 1936 the first of their two daughters, Beverley Jeanne, was born. A second daughter, Ronda Faye, followed in 1944.She was nominated for a number of awards and was awarded the Children's Book of the Year Award: Older Readers for her work The Min-Min in 1967.In 1996 she was made AM for service to the arts as the author of children's literature and as an active member of writers' organizations in Australia.
She died in 1999.
Hatherly's First Fifteen (1930)
The Red School House (1934)
Sunnymount School (1936)
The Boy from the Mallee (1939)
Dark Pool Island (1949)
The Twins from Timber Creek (1949)
Home Again at Timber Creek (1950)
Missing Gold (1951)
Jingaroo (1951)
The Brown Land Was Green (1956)
Gully of Gold (1958)
Pony from Tarella (1959)
They Came South (1963)
The Min-Min (1966)
Blue Above the Trees (1967)
Spark of Opal (1968)
Nowhere to Hide (1969)
Iron Mountain (1970)
New Golden Mountain (1973)
Wildfire (1973)
The Sky is Free (1974)
The Hundred Islands (1976)
Spanish Queen (1977)
The Lilly-Pilly (1979)
A Stranger Came to the Mine (1980)
Solomon's Child (1981)
Pastor Doug : The Story of an Aboriginal Leader (1965)
A Pack-Tracker (1968)
Joan & Betty Rayner : Strolling Players (1972) – biography
The Boy from Cumeroogunga (1979) – biography
Young and Brave (1984) – biography
No Mean Destiny : The Story of the War Widows' Guild of Australia 1945-85 (1986)
Trust the Dream : An Autobiography (2004) – autobiography
Narcotics Manufacturing Act of 1960 is a federal declaration affirming the United States commitment to international convention protocols constricting the non-medical and non-scientific manufacturing of narcotic drugs. The Act of Congress recognizes the Convention for Limiting the Manufacture and Regulating the Distribution of Narcotic Drugs and 1948 Protocol establishing deterrents for the chemical synthesis and dispensation of illicit drugs. The public law exemplifies a scientific class of narcotic drugs produced from the natural product of the coca leaf and opium poppy.
The codified law was drafted as twenty-two sections providing administrative jurisdiction for basic scientific class of opiates and opioids.
21 U.S.C. §§ 501-502
Short Title
Necessity for Legislation
Definitions26 U.S.C. §§ 4702 & 4731
Amendments to Internal Revenue Code of 195421 U.S.C. §§ 503-512
Notifications, Findings, and Decisions under The 1948 Protocol
Modification of List of Basic Narcotic Drugs
Restrictions on the Manufacture of Narcotic Drugs
Licenses to Manufacture Narcotic Drugs
Revocation or Suspension of Licenses
Authority to Seize Narcotic Drugs, Order Forms, and Tax Stamps
Manufacturing Quotas for Basic Classes of Narcotic Drugs
Exception from Applicability of License and Quota Provisions
Regulation with Respect to Persons who Manufacture Narcotic Precursors
Certain Procedures for Judicial Review21 U.S.C. §§ 513-517
Amendment to Law with Respect to Exportation of Narcotic Drugs
Authorizing Importation of Narcotic Drugs as to Certain Persons
Enforcement and Authority to Delegate Functions
Penal Provisions
Procedure and Presumptions
Applicability of Act21 U.S.C. § 501
Separability of Invalid Provisions
Effective Date
The 1960 United States public law was repealed by the enactment of Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act on October 27, 1970.
1946 Lake Success Protocol
Narcotic Drugs Import and Export Act
Narcotic Farms Act of 1929
Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs
Kennedy, John F. (May 29, 1962). "Statement by the President Announcing a Forthcoming White House Conference on Narcotics - May 29, 1962". Internet Archive. Washington, D.C.: National Archives and Records Service. pp. 443–444.
Kennedy, John F. (September 27, 1962). "Remarks to the White House Conference on Narcotic and Drug Abuse - September 27, 1962". Internet Archive. Washington, D.C.: National Archives and Records Service. pp. 716–718.
Peters, Gerhard; Woolley, John T. "John F. Kennedy: "Executive Order 11076—Establishing the President's Advisory Commission on Narcotic and Drug Abuse," January 15, 1963". The American Presidency Project. University of California - Santa Barbara.
Kennedy, John F. (April 4, 1963). "Letter to the Chairman in Response to the Interim Report of the President's Advisory Commission on Narcotic and Drug Abuse - April 4, 1963". Internet Archive. Washington, D.C.: National Archives and Records Service. p. 312.
Giuseppe Brenna (4 December 1898 – 25 February 1980) was an Italian racing cyclist. He rode in the 1924 Tour de France.
Ambohidratrimo is a district of Analamanga in Madagascar.
Ambato
Ambatolampy Tsimahafotsy
Ambohidratrimo
Ambohimanjaka
Ambohipihaonana
Ambohitrimanjaka
Ampangabe
Ampanotokana
Anjanadoria
Anosiala
Antanetibe
Antehiroka
Antsahafilo
Avaratsena
Fiadanana
Iarinarivo
Ivato Aeroport
Ivato Firaisana
Mahabo
Mahereza
Mahitsy
Mananjara
Manjakavaradrano
Merimandroso
Talatamaty
Animal Place, which was founded in 1989, is one of the oldest and largest sanctuaries for farmed animals in the United States. The main facility is located on 600 acres in Grass Valley, and provides refuge to roughly 300 neglected farmed animals at one time. In addition to the permanent sanctuary, Animal Place operates a 12-acre adoption center in Petaluma.
Animal Place was started in 1989 by Kim Sturla & and Ned Buyukmihci, who purchased sixty acres in Vacaville, California.:139 In 2009, the sanctuary purchased its 600 acre permanent sanctuary in Grass Valley.Once the Grass Valley site was acquired, the original Vacaville location became known as the Rescue Ranch, and was used as a location to adopt out animals who were not going to live permanently in Grass Valley. In 2018, the Vacaville location was sold because local ordinances required that no more than 100 animals live on the property at one time. In 2019 a 12 acre replacement property, dubbed the Rescue Ranch 2.0, was purchased in Petaluma.
Animal Place extends support to all life with a special emphasis on farmed animals. This is executed by providing permanent sanctuary, education, legislation and appropriate placement of needy animals.
Animal Place (Grass Valley, CA) won first prize in the “Best Sanctuary” category, earning $50,000 for the organization.
Animal Place is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization.
Official website
Official YouTube channel
"This Is It" is a 1965 single by Jim Reeves. "This Is It" was Reeves' second posthumous single to reach number one on the U.S. country singles chart. The single stayed at the top of the chart for three weeks and spent a total of twenty-two weeks on the chart.  "This Is It" also peaked at number eighteen on the "Easy Listening" charts and number eighty-eight on the Billboard Hot 100.
Lyrics of this song at MetroLyrics
Albert Jenkinson (first ¼ 1884 – death unknown) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1910s. He played at representative level for  Great Britain, and  England, and at club level for Hunslet, as a wing.
Albert Jenkinson's birth was registered in Hunslet district, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Albert Jenkinson lost caps for England while at Hunslet in 1919 against Australia, in 1912 against Wales, in 1913 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Hunslet in 1911-12 against Australia (2 matches).
The African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) is an active, regional peacekeeping mission operated by the African Union with the approval of the United Nations Security Council. It is mandated to support transitional governmental structures, implement a national security plan, train the Somali security forces, and to assist in creating a secure environment for the delivery of humanitarian aid. As part of its duties, AMISOM also supports the Federal Government of Somalia's forces in their battle against Al-Shabaab militants.AMISOM was created by the African Union's Peace and Security Council on 19 January 2007 with an initial six-month mandate. On 21 February 2007 the United Nations Security Council approved the mission's mandate. Subsequent six-monthly renewals of AMISOM's mandate by the African Union Peace and Security Council have also been authorised by the United Nations Security Council.The duration of AMISOM's mandate has been extended in each period that it has been up for review, lastly in May 2019. The current mandate expires on 31 May 2020, with a reduction of troop levels to a maximum of 19,626 by 28 February 2020.
AMISOM replaced and subsumed the IGAD Peace Support Mission in Somalia (IGASOM), which was a proposed Intergovernmental Authority on Development protection and training mission to Somalia approved by the African Union on 14 September 2006. IGASOM was also approved by the United Nations Security Council on 6 December 2006.IGASOM was originally proposed for immediate implementation in March 2005 to provide peacekeeping forces for the latest phase of the Somali Civil War.At that time, the Islamic Courts Union (ICU) had not yet taken control of Mogadishu, and most hopes for national unity lay with the Transitional Federal Government (TFG) which had organized in Nairobi, Kenya in 2004 and were planning to establish a provisional capital in Baidoa, Bay region, Somalia.
By May 2006, the situation was radically different, as the ICU had recently been engaged by the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism or ARPCT and was fighting for control of Mogadishu in the Second Battle of Mogadishu. By June, they had established control of the capital. Fighting began to spread to other parts of the nation as the ICU gained ground.
Plans for IGASOM continued, though by July there were indications of opposition from the ICU, who saw the initiative as a US-backed, Western means to curb the growth of their Islamic movement.Until December 2006, the UN Security Council had imposed an arms embargo on the group, but the embargo was partially lifted and a mandate for IGASOM issued on 6 December 2006 for six months.
On 21 February 2007, the United Nations Security Council authorised the African Union to deploy a peacekeeping mission with a mandate of six months. In March 2007, Ugandan military officials arrived on the ground in Somalia. On 20 August 2007, the United Nations Security Council extended the African Union's authorisation to continue deploying AMISOM for a further six months and requested the Secretary-General to explore the option of replacing AMISOM with a United Nations Peacekeeping Operation to Somalia.On 31 May 2019, the Security Council unanimously approved resolution 2472, authorising Member States of the African Union to maintain the deployment of AMISOM until 31 May 2020, with a reduction of the number of troops to 19,626 by 28 February 2020.
The Security Council decided, in a 29 May videoconference meeting, to reauthorize the deployment of African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) personnel for nine months, requiring them to support security in the lead-up to elections and to work towards the gradual hand-over of responsibility to Somali forces by 2021.
IGASOM was expected to eventually reach 8,000 troops, with an expected cost of $335 million for the first year. According to UN Security Council Resolution 1725, states bordering Somalia would not be eligible to deploy troops under IGASOM. The remaining (non-bordering) IGAD member nations include Sudan, Eritrea, and Uganda. Because of the objection of the burden falling on these three nations alone (and the rivalry between Ethiopia and Eritrea), the mission was expanded to include other member states of the African Union.
AMISOM has a different composition. As proposed, it is to comprise an initial three battalions, growing to a total of nine battalions of 850 troops each, which would serve for an initial stabilization period of six months. The mission was to be modelled after the African Union Mission in Burundi (AMIB).
As early as 25 March 2005 Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys of the Union of Islamic Courts warned any peacekeepers would be unwelcome in the country. He was quoted by the BBC as saying, "We will fight fiercely to the death any intervention force that arrives in Somalia." Yet at the time, the ICU was not the political or military force it was to become later.
Faced with the ascendancy of the ICU after taking over the capital in the Second Battle of Mogadishu between May and June, 2006, UN-watchers were growing concerned with the level of hostility of the ICU towards the proposed IGASOM mission.Though IGAD and the ICU met and published a cordial and formal communique committing the ICU to the IGAD plans on 2 December, by the time United Nations Security Council Resolution 1725 was passed on 6 December, the ICU was openly and militantly opposed to peacekeepers entering Somalia, and vowed to treat any peacekeepers as hostile forces. Because of regional divisions, there were also UIC resistance to allowing Ethiopian troops be part of the mission. Ethiopia, for its part, was leery of allowing Eritrean troops to be members of the IGAD peacekeeping force.
In the face of ICU threats, Uganda, the only IGAD members who had openly offered to send forces (a battalion), withdrew in the face of concerns of the present feasibility of the mission. In Uganda's defense, the crisis does not allow for peacekeepers when there are active hostilities conducted with heavy weapons (see Battle of Baidoa).
On 1 January 2007, after the defeat of the ICU in various battles in December 2006, Uganda again renewed its pledge of a battalion of troops. Between Uganda and Nigeria (which is a Member State of the African Union, but not of IGAD), there was a pledge of a total of 8,000 peacekeepers. Ghana, Rwanda and Tanzania were reported to be considering sending forces.
Following the defeat of the Islamic Courts Union in December 2006 – January 2007 the international community began to gather both fiscal commitments as well as military forces for the mission. Nations of the African Union (AU) outside the IGAD community were drawn on to provide support.
On 17 January 2007, the US ambassador to Kenya, Michael Ranneberger, said the US pledged $40 million to support the deployment of a peacekeeping force for Somalia. By 20 January, the European Union followed with a pledge of 15 million euros.On 19 January 2007 the mission was formally defined and approved by the African Union at the 69th meeting of the Peace and Security Council.On 22 January 2007 Malawi agreed to send a half-battalion to a battalion (ranging widely anywhere between approximately 400 to 1,200 troops) for a peacekeeping mission to Somalia.On 24 January 2007 Nigeria pledged a battalion (a force between 770 and 1,100 troops) to join the Somali peacekeeping mission.On 1 February 2007 Burundi committed to the peacekeeping mission, pledging up to 1,000 troops. By 27 March, it was confirmed that 1700 Burundian peacekeepers would be sent to Somalia.On 2 February 2007, the United Nations Security Council welcomed the advent of the African Union and IGAD-led peacekeeping mission.On 5 February 2007 Tanzania offered to train Somali government troops, but not to deploy peacekeepers.On 9 February 2007 a gathering of 800 Somali demonstrators in north Mogadishu, where Islamist support was strongest, burned U.S., Ethiopian, and Ugandan flags in protest of the proposed peacekeeping mission. A masked representative of the resistance group, the Popular Resistance Movement in the Land of the Two Migrations, said Ethiopian troops would be attacked in their hotels; the same group had made a video warning peacekeepers to avoid coming to Somalia. By this date, Uganda, Nigeria, Ghana, Malawi and Burundi had committed to the peacekeeping mission, but the total force was about half of the proposed 8,000-strong force. Uganda had pledged 1,400 troops and some armored vehicles for a mission lasting up to 9 months, and the AU had pledged $11.6 million.On 16 February 2007 Uganda announced it would deploy 1,500 well-seasoned troops as early as Saturday, 17 February 2007 under the command of Major General Levi Karuhanga. Reportedly the troops had been training for two years in preparation for the mission. The first contingent of Ugandan troops to actually arrive, on 6 March 2007, was interrupted by "..unknown attackers [who] lobbed between six and eight mortar rounds at the military side of Mogadishu International Airport where a ceremony was [welcoming] the initial Ugandan AMISOM contingent of 400 soldiers who had arrived several hours earlier."The Burundian troops were technically ready to go in early August 2007, but equipment promised by the United States and France had not yet arrived. On 23 December 2007, an advance force of 100 Burundians was deployed and another 100 soldiers arrived on 2007-12-24. By late 2008, 1,700 Burundian soldiers were deployed to Mogadishu.On July 28, 2009, the World Health Organization was notified that 21 AMISOM soldiers in Mogadishu had become sick, and three had died, with acute peripheral edema, difficulty in breathing, palpitations, and fever. The WHO, together with the U.S. Center for Disease Control, AMISOM, and the Aga Khan University Hospital in Nairobi began an investigation. From April 26, 2009 to May 1, 2010, 241 AU soldiers had lower limb edema and at least one additional symptom; four patients died. At least 52 soldiers were airlifted to hospitals in Kenya and Uganda. Four of 31 hospitalized patients had right-sided heart failure with pulmonary hypertension. The illness was associated with exclusive consumption of food provided to troops (not eating locally acquired foods). Because the syndrome was clinically compatible with wet beriberi, thiamine was administered to affected soldiers, resulting in rapid and dramatic resolution.
In a closed door meeting in Kampala on 22 July 2010, AU ministers agreed to expand the mission's mandate from a peacekeeping focus to a peace-enforcement focus that would engage al-Shabaab more directly.  The decision came soon after deadly bomb attacks in the Ugandan capital.  A few days later in response to UN pressure, the AU agreed not to expand the mandate but did allow preemptive strikes against Al-Shabaab and promised more troops from other African countries.On 23 July 2010, Djibouti and Guinea pledged troops to AMISOM. On 17 September 2010, an AU envoy said in Nairobi that AMISOM's size had grown from 6,300 to 7,200 troops after an additional battalion from Uganda joined the force. In December 2010, the UN backed AMISOM in increasing the mission's authorised size to 12,000 – UN Security Council resolution 1964 of 22 December 2010 – and at the same time reports indicated that Uganda had promised an extra 1,800 personnel, with Burundi an extra 850.In March 2011 Burundi sent 1,000 extra soldiers to AMISOM, bringing the total number of Burundi troops deployed to 4,400. AFP, reported in Africa Research Bulletin, said Burundian military chief General Godefroid Niyombare said on 14 March 2011 the soldiers had been deployed a week before.In February 2012, the U.N. Security Council boosted the number of troops deployed from 12,000 to 17,731. The approval comes after a series of recent successes against al-Shabaab fighters who had previous positions throughout the central and southern areas of the country. During the same month, AU Commander Fred Mugisha suggested that Al-Shabaab was "at [its] weakest" and would likely "implode in the not so distant future" owing to successive military defeats that it suffered as well as an exodus toward the Arabian Peninsula of hundreds of the group's fighters.Due to the successful military operations against the Islamists, the United States has also been stepping up efforts to train and equip the AMISOM troops in a bid to stamp out the Al-Shabaab insurgency and limit its influence.In October 2011, the Kenya Defence Forces began Operation Linda Nchi, crossing the border into Somalia to attack Al-Shabaab. On 12 November, the Kenyan government agreed to rehat its forces under AMISOM command, and later announced in March 2012 that it would send 5,000 troops to join AMISOM.The East African reported in March 2012 on reorganisation of AMISOM's headquarters and sector commands. Personnel (J1) would be led by the AU, with Kenya taking responsibility for intelligence (J2) and logistics (J4), Uganda operations (J3) and engineer (J8), Burundi plans (J5) and communications/IS (J6), Sierra Leone training (J7), and Djibouti CIMIC (J9). There would also be four sectors: Uganda responsible for Sector One (the Shabelles and Banadir), Sector Two (the Jubbas) run by Kenya, Sector Three Burundi covering GEdo, Bay, and BAkool, and Sector from which Ethiopia forces were withdrawing from to be directed by Djibouti.In November 2013, the Ethiopian government announced that it would integrate its troops that are deployed in Somalia into the AMISOM multinational force. Somalia's Foreign Minister Fowzia Haji Yussuf welcomed the decision, stating that the move would galvanize AMISOM's campaign against the insurgent group. She also emphasized the importance of collaboration between Somalia and Ethiopia. The Ethiopian authorities' announcement came a month after a failed October bombing attempt by Al-Shabaab in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa, and a week after Ethiopia received a renewed terrorism threat from the insurgent group. According to Ethiopian Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Ambassador Dina Mufti, the Ethiopian military's decision to join AMISOM is intended to render the peacekeeping operation more secure. Analysts also suggested that the move was primarily motivated by financial considerations, with the Ethiopian forces' operational costs now slated to be under AMISOM's allowance budget. It is believed that the Ethiopian military's long experience in Somali territory, its equipment such as helicopters, and the potential for closer coordination will help the allied forces advance their territorial gains. On the other hand, there is a certain amount of unease following Ethiopia's entry into AMISOM given local animosity originating from Ethiopia's heavy handed intervention in 2006. There are also fears that Al Shabaab could use Somali animosity towards Ethiopia as a rallying cry and to recruit more members.In December 2013, the U.S. government established a military coordination cell in Mogadishu at the request of AMISOM and the Somali government. The unit consists of a small team of fewer than five advisers, including planners and communicators between AMISOM and the Somali authorities. It is intended to provide consultative and planning support to the allied forces in order to enhance their capacity and to promote peace and security throughout the country and wider region.
The Head of Mission is the Special Representative of the Chairperson of the African Union Commission to Somalia, or SRCC.  On 7 October 2015, Francisco Caetano Jose Madeira, of Mozambique, was appointed to this position, replacing Maman Sambo Sidikou of Niger.
On 15 October 2011 Kenyan forces crossed the border into Somalia to attack al-Shebaab.  Subsequently UN Security Council resolution 2036 of 22 February 2012 authorised an increase in AMISOM troop numbers to 17,731 to incorporate the Kenyans.  This resolution took effect from mid-2012.  At this time the initial Ugandan and Burundian AMISOM forces had been successful in largely clearing al-Shebaab militants from Mogadishu and the force was organised into new Sectors.
Sector 1 (headquartered in Mogadishu and predominantly the domain of the Ugandan Contingent) covered the Banadir, Middle Shabelle and Lower Shabelle regions.
Sector 2 (headquartered in Kismayu and predominantly KDF responsibility, with the anticipated Sierra Leone contingent) covered the Gedo, Middle Juba and Lower Juba regions.
Sector 3 (headquartered in Baidoa and predominantly the responsibility of the Burundian contingent) covering the Bay and Bakool regions.
Sector 4 (headquartered in Belet Weyne and the responsibility of the Djiboutian contingent) covering the Hiraan region.Later, UN Security Council resolution 2124 of 12 November 2013 authorised a troop increase to 22,126 through inclusion of an Ethiopian contingent.  This took effect in January 2014, when the Sector organisation was modified to:
Sector 1 (Mogadishu: Banadir and Lower Shabelle regions) – UPDF contingent
Sector 2 (Dobhey: Lower and Middle Juba regions) – KDF contingent, with the Sierra Leone contingent operating in a 'Sector Kismayu' until these forces left. During January 2016 Ethiopian troops deployed to Kismayo.
Sector 3 (Baidoa: Bay, Bakool and Gedo regions) – Ethiopian contingent
Sector 4 (Belet Weyne: Hiiraan region) – Djiboutian contingent
Sector 5  (Jowhar: Middle Shabelle region) – Burundi contingentIn January 2017 Kismayo was mentioned as a separate sector – Sector 6 – under Colonel Paul Njema.  On 22 November 2017 AMISOM's twitter feed announced that Colonel Fréderic Ndayisaba of Burundi was replacing Colonel Paul K Njema of the Kenya Defence Forces (KDF) as Sector 6 Commander and described this command as a multinational sector composed of Burundian, Kenyan and Ethiopian troops based in Kismayo.
a.  Commanders
b.  Battle groups
From the first deployment of Ugandan troops during March 2007—which saw a contingent of two battalions sent to Mogadishu—the UPDF contribution to AMISOM had by 2015 expanded to three battle groups, each of two or three battalions. The following table lists what details are known of the Ugandan battle groups, or 'Ugabag', deployed under AMISOM.  The information presented has been collected from Ugandan press reports (largely gleaned from the website 'Allafrica.com') and news reports on the AMISOM website.
a.  Commanders
b.  Battalions
Burundi sent its first battalion to Mogadishu to join Ugandan troops in AMISOM in December 2007.  It took until October 2008 to build the national contingent up to two battalions, due in part to a lack of equipment. But subsequently the Burundi contingent increased to a six battalion force. The Burundi force commitment is frequently cited as 5432 troops, which would align with a contingent of six battalions (of about 850 personnel each, the UN ‘standard’) together with headquarters and support elements.
1 Battalion.  Arrived December 2007.
2 Battalion. Deployed mid-October 2008....
7 Battalion (Lt. Col. Pontien Hakizimana).  Served during 2011 and involved in the Battle for Mogadishu.
8 Battalion
9 Battalion (Lt. Col. Pascal Hakizimana). Served during 2011 and involved in the Battle for Mogadishu.
10 Battalion (Lt. Col. Egide Nitabara). Served during 2011 and involved in the Battle for Mogadishu.
11 Battalion (Lt. Col. Gregoire Ndikumazambo). Served during 2011 and involved in the Battle for Mogadishu.
12 Battalion (Lt. Col. Richard Bimenyimana). Served during 2011 and involved in the Battle for Mogadishu....
26 Battalion.  Returned home at the end of May 2015.
27 Battalion.  Returned home at the end of May 2015.
28 Battalion.  Returned home in October 2015 after 14 month deployment.
29 Battalion.  Returned home in November 2015; replaced by 35 Battalion.
30 Battalion.  Returned home in November 2015; replaced by 36 Battalion.
31 Battalion, 828 personnel.  Returned home 28 May 2016.
32 Battalion (Maj. John Manirakiza).  Returned home during July 2016 after year-long deployment.
33 Battalion (Maj. Richard Nikoyagize).  Returned home during July 2016 after year-long deployment.
34 Battalion (Maj. Sylvain Kinigi).  Deployed October 2015 (replacing 28 Battalion?) and returned home February 2017.
35 Battalion.  Deployed November 2015, replacing 29 Battalion?
36 Battalion.  Deployed November 2015, replacing 30 Battalion?
37 Battalion (Maj. Adolphe Kaguruka).  Deployed May 2016, replacing 31 Battalion?  Returned home June 2017.
38 Battalion, 850 personnel.  Deployed July 2016, replacing 32 Battalion
39 Battalion, 850 personnel.  Deployed July 2016, replacing 33 Battalion40, 41 and 42 Battalions were scheduled for deployment in November 2016 but this was delayed.  There was speculation this delay was a result of disappointment within Burundi over delays in EU payments in support of AMISOM and the suggestion by the EU that payments could be made directly to the Burundian troops rather than through the Burundi government; or domestic political tensions within Burundi arising from the president running for a third term of office. By January 2017 the Burundi government threatened to withdraw its forces from Somalia altogether, arguing that these were a national contingent and not mere mercenaries, as would be suggested by the troops receiving payment directly from any third party. Subsequently agreement was reached on the question of EU payments and it was announced the Burundi contingents would remain with AMISOM in Somalia.
40 Battalion (Maj. Leonidas Nsingirankabo, also given as Maj. Ladislas Singirankabo). Deployed February 2017, replacing 34 Battalion, and departed in March 2018.
41 Battalion (Maj. Zenon Ntisinzira).
42 Battalion
43 Battalion (Maj. Chartier Nyandwi). Deployed June 2017, replacing 37 Battalion.
44 Battalion
45 Battalion (Lt. Col. Philbert Hatungimana). Arrived in Somalia August 2017, replacing 39 Battalion, and to be deployed to Jowhar....
55 Battalion.  Deployed November 2019 and ended tour in May 2021, after an extension due to the Covid-19 'pandemic'.
56 Battalion Deployed November 2019 and ended tour in May 2021, after an extension due to the Covid-19 'pandemic'.
Leobatt 1 (Lt. Col. Abubakar Conteh), 850 strong, deployed April 2013, served in Sector 2 under Kenyan Command, later in Sector Kismayu under their own command. Leobatt 1 eventually left Somalia for home only in January 2015.
Leobatt 2 (Lt. Col. George Mamoud Bangura)) was announced and intended to relieve Leobatt 1 early in 2014.  However, due to unexplained delays this second battalion completed first phase training only in January 2014, with planned second and third phase training scheduled to last a further three months each. It was then planned to relieve the first contingent in August 2014 but an Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa caused further concerns. During October 2014 it was announced the second contingent had been in isolation for four months and "cleared" of Ebola virus, but this was quickly followed by an announcement from the Sierra Leone Chief of Defence Staff that the contingent would not travel to Somalia.Later, during April 2018, a Formed Police Unit of 160 Sierra Leone Police was deployed to AMISOM under the command of Mustafa Solomon Kambeh.
The civilian staff of AMISOM has been operating from Nairobi, Kenya since 2008 due to the security situation in Mogadishu. As of now, they number approximately 81 personnel.
Since the beginning of 2011 AMISOM and TFG has taken control over several strategic places in Mogadishu after several offensives against Al-Shabaab.
With the expanded control over the capital AMISOM on 16 May 2011 moved the civil staff and police officers to Mogadishu. This includes Special Representative of the Chairperson of the African Union Commission for Somalia (SRCC) Ambassador Boubacar Gaoussou Diarra and deputy (SRCC) Honourable Wafula Wamunyinyi.Much of the key logistical support for the force is provided by the United Nations Support Office for AMISOM (UNSOA), a field mission of the UN Secretariat Department of Field Support.
The Civilian component is supervised by the Special Representative of the Chairperson of the African Union Commission for Somalia (SRCC) which is represented on the ground by Ambassador Mahamat Saleh Annadif. who oversees the Political, Civil, Humanitarian, Gender and Public Information departments.
Ambassador Epiphanie Kabushemeye-Ntamwana is the civilian Chief of Staff.
The Chief Administrative Officer Timothy Kiguti heads the support component of the mission which includes administration personnel, finance and budgeting, logistics and procurement among other issues.
The Police contingent, which provides capacity building, both institutional and individual in support of the Somali Police Force, is headed by the AMISOM Police Commissioner Anand Pillay.
The United States has provided extensive training for contingents headed for Somalia. In the first half of 2012, Force Recon Marines from Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force 12 (SPMAGTF-12) trained soldiers from the Uganda People's Defence Force. In the northern spring of 2012 [March–April–May], Marines from SPMAGTF-12 also trained Burundian soldiers.  In April and May, members of Task Force Raptor, 3rd Squadron, 124th Cavalry Regiment of the Texas Army National Guard, took part in a separate training mission with the BNDF in Mudubugu, Burundi. SPMAGTF-12 has also sent its trainers to Djibouti, another nation involved in the Somali mission, to work with an army unit there.
At the same time, U.S. troops have assisted in training the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces in preparation for their deployment to Somalia later this year.  In June 2012, U.S. Army Africa commander Major General David R. Hogg spoke encouragingly of the future of Sierra Leone's forces in conjunction with Kenya. As of June 2012, the RSLAF troops have not yet deployed; the Sierra Leonean defence minister said on 23 June 2012, that the battalion might depart for the Horn 'some time in September [2012].'In addition, a significant amount of support to AMISOM has been provided by private companies. "Bancroft Global Development, headquartered on Washington's Embassy Row, employs about 40 South African and European trainers who work with [AMISOM's] Ugandan and Burundian troops. Bancroft director Michael Stock told The EastAfrican that these mentors are embedded with AMISOM units in Mogadishu and southern and central Somalia. They coach commanders on ..how to predict and defeat the tactics which foreign fighters bring from outside East Africa and teach to al-Shabaab." Bancroft "does not receive funding directly from the US government but is instead paid by AMISOM, which is then reimbursed by the State Department for these outlays." The Associated Press reports that Bancroft has been paid $12.5 million for its work in Somalia since 2008.
A security analyst in Somalia listed three primary private security companies/private military companies operating in Mogadishu.  DynCorp, who provide logistical support in the Somali capital; Bancroft International, who provide training to TFG and AMISOM personnel, as well as assisting with community service delivery; and Pacific Architects & Engineers.
* The reason why troops from Sierra Leone were withdrawn was the inability to rotate in fresh soldiers, due to the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone and the surrounding region. In response, Ethiopia has offered to replace the contingent from Sierra Leone with Ethiopian reinforcements.
- The total number of personnel under AMISOM (including armed personnel and civil staff) is reportedly around 22,126.
- Before joining AMISOM in January 2014, the Ethiopian Defense Force was believed to have an estimated 8,000 troops in the country. It is also believed that some Ethiopian troops in Somalia operate independently from AMISOM.
- Likewise, Kenya had troops deployed in Somalia independently before they were brought under the AMISOM umbrella
- Cameroon, Mali, Senegal, and Zambia were known to have a total of four personnel inserted into AMISOM. However, it is not known whether they were security or civil personnel.
- Furthermore, there are also a small number of police officers from  Burundi, Gambia, and Zimbabwe that are inserted into AMISOM
According to SIPRI, 1,039 AMISOM soldiers were killed in action between 1 January 2009, and 31 December 2013, with an additional 69 fatalities in 2014 (per AMISOM) bringing the total to 1,108 dead from 2009 through 2014.
AMISOM medical facility records showed 110 Ugandan and 95 Burundian soldiers had died between March 2007 and February 2011 in Somalia. Another 798 AMISOM soldiers were wounded. Some of the most deadliest incidents were:
22 February 2009 – 11 Burundian soldiers were killed and 15 wounded in a double suicide attack on their base in Mogadishu.
23–29 July 2009 – An epidemic of Leptospirosis hit the Burundian and Ugandan military camps in Mogadishu killing three Burundian and two Ugandan soldiers. Another 18 Burundian soldiers were placed in quarantine. About 50 Burundian and 17 Ugandan soldiers were evacuated for medical treatment to Nairobi, Kenya.
17 September 2009 – 17 soldiers were killed and 29 wounded in a suicide attack by Islamist rebels on the headquarters of the African Union force in Mogadishu. At least four civilians were also killed and more than 10 wounded. 12 of those killed were Burundian soldiers and five were Ugandan. Among the dead was the AMISOM deputy commander Maj. Gen. Juvenal Niyonguruza, from Burundi. Also, one of the wounded was AMISOM commander Gen. Nathan Mugisha, from Uganda.
23 February – 4 March 2011 – 53–82 AU troops were killed in clashes with al-Shabab fighters during an offensive in Mogadishu, 190 other AMISOM troops were also wounded. In addition, a Burundian soldier was captured alive by militants. These were, at the time, the heaviest losses since AMISOM deployed. 43 of those killed were confirmed as Burundian soldiers and 10 as Ugandans. Also, 110 of the wounded were Burundians. Beside the 43 killed in action, four Burundian soldiers were declared missing in action.
5 March – A Burundian soldier was injured by the controlled explosion of a car bomb of al-Shabab militants. AMISOM forces won back the rebel-controlled town of Bulo Hawo with the help of forces loyal to the Somali government.
17 March – Six AU soldiers were killed in heavy clashes between Somali government troops backed by AMISOM in Mogadishu and al-Shabab militants.
12 May – 11 June – 12 AU soldiers were killed (including 7 Ugandans) and 13+ injured during the Bakaara market offensive in Mogadishu.
29 July – Four Ugandan soldiers were killed and five wounded during clashes in Mogadishu. An AMISOM tank was also destroyed.
1 August – At least two AMISOM soldiers were killed and others wounded in a suicide attack on an AMISOM base in Mogadishu.
10 October – One AMISOM soldier was killed and six injured in an operation in North East of Mogadishu. The former Pasta Factory and critical junction, Ex Control Bal’ad, are after that in Government hands.
20 October – At least 70 Burundian soldiers were killed and their bodies filmed and paraded by Al-Shabaab following the battle of Deynile, Mogadishu. An unknown number of soldiers were wounded. One AU armoured vehicle was also destroyed in the fighting.
23 October – Two AU soldiers were wounded when a suicide bomber blew himself up near a convoy of AU peacekeepers in Mogadishu.
29 October – Al-Shabab militants attacked an AMISOM compound injuring two AU soldiers in the Somali capital Mogadishu.
25 December – A Burundian soldier was killed by an improvised explosive device, and two others were wounded in Mogadishu.
14 January – A Ugandan soldier was killed by a Somali soldier in Mogadishu. The reasons for the act are unknown.
20 January – Two AU soldiers were injured in a military offensive to consolidate security in Mogadishu.
2 March – Two Ugandan soldiers were injured during the capture of the city of Maslah.
29 March – Four Burundian soldiers were wounded in a battle on Daynile District on Mogadishu.
31 – 5 August Kenyan soldiers were missing after the capture of Miido. A search and rescue was mounted. Three other soldiers were injured. Three of the soldiers were found alive two days later, but the fate of the other two soldiers remained unknown. A few days later, their bodies were shown in a video posted by the insurgents.
19 September – Two AMISOM troops were injured during the capture of Janaa Cabdalla town located 50 kilometres to the west of the port city of Kismayo in the Lower Jubba region.
24 October – Four Ugandan soldiers were killed by a bomb while advancing towards Baidoa.
29 – 3 October–4 Ugandan soldiers were killed and seven wounded in an attack by two suicide bombers on an AMISOM base in Mogadishu.
19 November – At least two Kenyan soldiers who are part of the African Union (AU) peacekeeping force in Somalia were killed in Garissa, a base for security forces in Kenya fighting insurgents in neighbouring Somalia, Kenya's army spokesman said on Monday.
11 March 2014 – At least two AMISOM peacekeepers were injured as AMISOM and Somali troops advanced into areas close to coastal town of Barawe and Qoryoley.
18 March 2014 – At least three Dijiboutian soldiers were killed in a hotel attack on the town of Bulo-burde.
5 April 2014 – During joint AMISOM-Somali incursion to liberate the town of Wabxo, Al Shabaab fighters claimed to have killed Ethiopian troops from AMISOM and posted photos on social media showing fighters posing over two unidentified bodies in uniform with AMISOM patches, Ethiopian script, helmets, and various weapons.
24 May 2014 – Three Ugandan peacekeepers died in an attack by thirteen Al Shabaab militants on the Somali Parliament alongside four Somali soldiers and a police officer. In addition, four Ugandans were wounded but in stable condition. The attack started with a car bomb driven into the parliament building's entrance  and ended with eleven of the attackers killed while the other two detonated suicide bombs.
26 May 2014: Two Kenyan soldiers in a supply convoy were killed in an ambush by suspected Al Shabaab militants near the town of Lamu in an area close to the Ras Kamboni region. Kenyan officials confirm that some other Kenyan soldiers were wounded while one militant was killed. They also state that they are in pursuit of the attackers, who fled after the ambush.
13 June 2014: A roadside bomb that was detonated near the town of Bulo Burde injured six AMISOM and Somali soldiers. At least three of the casualties were from the Djibouti contingent, and were airlifted to Mogadishu for medical attention after the attack.
26 June 2014: Militants from Al-Shabaab launched an attack on the town of Bulo-burde, which has been besieged by militants and cut off from road access since it came under government control in March. Witnesses say that the attack lasted thirty minutes and began when militants stormed a military base established in a hotel complex before they were driven back by the combined force of the SNA and AMISOM. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility and claimed to have killed six soldiers while the AU commander, Ibrahim Ali, stated that two Djiboutian peacekeepers, one civilian, and two militants were killed.
16 August 2014: AMISOM, accompanied by FGS forces, launched Operation Indian Ocean against Al-Shabaab-held pockets in the countryside.
25 August 2014: Ethiopian AMISOM troops assisted by Somali government forces capture Tiyeglow from Al-Shabaab, as part of Operation Indian Ocean. Situated around 530 km northeast of Mogadishu along the main road linking Beledweyne and Baidoa, Tiyeglow previously served as a base for the insurgent group. Witnesses indicate that the Al-Shabaab fighters gave no resistance during the raid, fleeing instead to adjacent forested areas. However, al-Shabaab planted roadside explosive devices before fleeing. According to AMISOM, the successful military operation deprives the insurgent group of high extortion fees that it would previously charge to vehicles traveling along the town's principal road. The siege also now gives the Somali government full control of the Bakool province.
September 2014: Human Rights Watch published a report accusing a few soldiers within the Ugandan and Burundian contingents of AMISOM of sexual misconduct on two of the mission's bases in Mogadishu. The African Union issued an official statement denying the allegations, which it characterized as isolated cases largely involving a single rogue soldier. It also pledged to investigate the charges, and indicated that a number of internal mechanisms had been instituted to prevent, mitigate and discipline any transgressions.
6 September 2014: Somali government forces assisted by Ethiopian troops seize El Garas in the Galguduud province from Al-Shabaab. According to the Somali military spokesman Mohamed Kariye Roble, the village was a main base for the insurgent group, serving as both a springboard from which it would launch attacks and a supply storage area.
12 September 2014: Ugandan and Kenyan AMISOM forces conduct security operations in Lagta Berta in Lower Juba, where Al-Shabaab had established two bases after vacating Barawe. The militant group incurs significant fatalities during the raid, including foreign insurgents, and a number of its fighters are also injured. The attack destroys the Al-Shabaab hideout facility.
13 September 2014: Somali government forces and AMISOM troops capture Aboreey, Moqokori, Yasooman and Muuse-geel villages in the Bulobarte district from Al-Shabaab. The militants mount no resistance. Additionally, Somali government forces and AMISOM troops seize Abooto-barrey, Ceel-Sheel, Carraale and Kaawada villages in the Galguduud province's El Bur district from Al-Shabaab.
18 December 2014: The Sierra Leonian contingent (850 troops) leaves AMISOM and is not replaced. Main reason for their departure is the Ebola outbreak in their home country. During their stay in Somalia the Sierra Leone troops suffered 1 dead and 6 wounded. They were based in Kismayo. In response, Ethiopia has offered to replace the contingent from Sierre Leon with Ethiopian reinforcements.
26 December 2014: Eight Al-Shabaab militants, dressed in Somali uniforms, launched an attack on an AMISOM base near Mogadishu International Airport, which is also home to a United Nations office and several embassies. All militants were killed while five AMISOM peacekeepers and one foreign contractor was killed.
21 March 2015: Somali National Army forces and AMISOM troops launch a security sweep in the Bulo Burde district to clear an Al-Shabaab blockade in the area. The cleanup operation commences in Baladweyne, with the joint forces removing militants from settlements on both sides of the main road leading towards the district center. Casualties include around five SNA troops and one AMISOM soldier. Local officials do not issue a statement pending arrival at Bulo Burde.
19 April 2015: Al-Shabaab insurgents attack Kenyan AMISOM troops in the southern Delbio area of Somalia. The insurgents reportedly shoot at the Kenyan soldiers' vehicle, with a gunfight ensuing. AMISOM fatalities include three dead troops. Officials indicate that eight wounded AMISOM soldiers are also being transported to Nairobi for treatment. The militants reportedly retreat into the forest. Al-Shabaab also attack AMISOM troops that are garrisoned between Lego and Balidogle. According to AMISOM Colonel Paul Njuguna, three soldiers are killed in the ensuing skirmish. He adds that the Somali National Army and AMISOM are endeavoring to liberate the remaining areas under insurgent control, with Al-Shabaab in a much weaker state than only two years prior.
26 June 2015: At least 50 Burundian soldiers (with potential excesses of over 70) were reported killed in an attack on their base by Al-Shabab. The attack occurred in Leego near the capital of Mongadishu. It is stated that AMISOM was preparing for an offensive in the region while Al-Shabab was bringing in reinforcements to counter it.
1 September 2015: Between 20–50 AMISOM peacekeepers are killed after the Janale base, 90 km (55 miles) south-east of the capital, is overrun by Al-Shabab militants. After bombing a bridge to eliminate a potential escape route and breaching the gate with a car bomb, Al-Shabab militants were able to enter and take over the base. AMISOM peacekeepers were stated to have withdrawn. After looting the base of weaponry, the militants withdrew and AMISOM troops were seen retaking the area. There have also been reports of troops taken captive during the assault.
On 15 January a Kenyan company base at El Adde, manned by a detachment of 9 Battalion Kenya Rifles, was overrun by al-Shebaab.  Several soldiers were captured, including Private Leonard Maingi who was later murdered by the terrorist group in August 2017.  Reports of casualties among the KDF detachment were confused but a later report suggested around 150 Kenyan soldiers died in the attack, with some of their bodies being dragged publicly through the streets of nearby towns by the terrorists.
On 19 March 2016 two Kenyan soldiers were killed and five others wounded when their convoy was ambushed by terrorists in Lower Juba. During the engagement 21 al-Shebaab fighters were reported killed.
al-Shabaab lost several of their leaders to U.S. airstrikes during May 2016.
al-Shabaab fighters attacked an AMISOM base in June 2016.
During November Lieutenant Dedan Karithi Karuti (26), of 17 Battalion Kenya Rifles, was killed when the vehicle in which he was travelling was struck by an improvised explosive device on the Warei–Elwak road.
During January al-Shebaab released a video showing the murder of a Ugandan soldier, Private M. Y. Masasa, who had been captured in September 2015 when the AMISOM base at Janaale was overrun by al-Shebaab.
On 2 January two suicide car bombs targeted a security checkpoint near the airport and a hotel.
On 4 January three UN soldiers were wounded by an explosion near their headquarters in Mogadishu.
On 24 January an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu left 28 people dead.
On 25 January at least 25 people were killed in an al-Shebaab suicide assault on the Somali Parliament building. Two suicide car bombs were used in the assault.
On 27 January a Kenyan base near Kulbiyow town in the Lower Juba region was attacked by al-Shebaab.  According to some reports the base, manned by members of 15 Battalion Kenya Rifles, was overrun and up to 50 Kenyans killed.  Kenyan reports say the base was successfully defended and put their death toll at nine.
On 2 February a civilian was injured when a car bomb exploded near his house.
On 19 February a car bomb detonated at a Mogadishu market, killing at least 30 people.
On 27 February a number of Somali National Army (SNA) soldiers were wounded by a car bomb.
On 28 February a Somali government official was assassinated when an IED fitted under the driver’s seat of his car exploded.
On 2 March it was announced that at least 57 al-Shebaab fighters had been killed in an attack by the Kenyan Defence Force. The KDF spokesman was reported as saying: 'KDF soldiers operating under AMISOM engaged al-Shebaab militants at a location 31 km northwest of Afmadow, close to Subow centre using artillery fire and supported by helicopter gunships'.
On 12 March a Somali journalist survived an assassination attempt after an IED fitted to his car exploded.
On 13 March a Somali military base in Mogadishu was targeted by a car bomb, killing three and wounding five.
On 13 March a popular hotel was targeted, leaving six dead.
On 21 March ten people were killed and 12 others wounded when a car bomb detonated at a security checkpoint.
On 24 March a car bomb targeted a popular cafe and hotel near the presidential palace.
On 27 March it was announced that 31 al-Shebaab fighters had been killed during KDF raids on two bases.
On 5 April 5 eight people were killed outside the Ministry of Youth and Sports headquarters by a car bomb.
On 9 April a suicide bomber in a vehicle unsuccessfully targeted the new SNA commander, General Mohamed Ahmed Jimale, as his convoy left a military base in Mogadishu. Fifteen SNA soldiers were killed, including several high-ranking officers, and 20 others were wounded in the attack.
On 10 April 2017 Kenyan sources announced that 15 al-Shebaab fighters had been killed when their camp 4 km west of Catamaa, and approximately 104 km from El Wak, was shelled and then assaulted.
On 19 April a Djibouti soldier was killed by a member of the SNA following an argument in Bula-burte town, Hiiraan region.
On 7 May a Somali intelligence official survived an assassination attempt after an IED fitted to his car exploded on Maka al Mukarama Street, Mogadishu.
On 8 May a cafe on Maka al Mukarama Street, Mogadishu, was targeted by a car bomb, killing five and leaving ten others wounded.
On 15 May police intercepted and later destroyed a car bomb intended to target the National Theatre.
On 17 May a car bomb was intercepted but later accidentally detonated killing three and wounding two others.
On 24 May eight people were killed and 15 others wounded in a car bomb targeting a police checkpoint.
On 14 June eleven people were killed in an ‘’al- Shebaab’’ suicide car bomb attack near a restaurant and hotel in Mogadishu.
On 20 June six people were killed when a car bomb detonated near a local government administration office in Mogadishu’s Wadajir district.
On 22 June a police station on Maka al Mukarama Street, Mogadishu, was targeted by a car bomb.
On 19 July a car bomb detonated outside the Ministry of Youth and Sports headquarters wounding one Somali intelligence official.
On 30 July five soldiers were killed by a car bomb near a security checkpoint on Maka al Mukarama Street.
On 30 July a joint SNA/Ugandan convoy was ambushed at Goryowein in the Lower Shabelle region, some 140 km southwest of Mogadishu, as they patrolled the Mogadishu–Barawe road, a major supply route for forward bases.  Reports of casualties varied but Uganda admitted to losing 12 soldiers with another seven wounded in the attack.
On 31 July a Somali intelligence official was targeted by an IED attached to his car. The official and two civilians were wounded.
During August al-Shebaab released a video showing the murder of a Kenyan soldier, Leonard Maingi, who had been captured in January 2016 when the Kenyan base at El Adde was overrun by al-Shebaab.
On 4 August four people were killed and six others wounded in a car bomb targeting The Ambassador Hotel on Maka al Mukarama Street.
On 10 August a suicide bomber was stopped at a security checkpoint on Maka al Mukarama Street.  The bomber escaped but the bomb later detonated, killing one civilian and wounding three others.
On 14 August an IED fitted under a taxi killed at least one person near the Jazeera Palace Hotel.
On 27 August a car bomb detonated injuring two people on Maka al Mukarama Street.
On 11 September a car bomb killed one person and injured four others near a cafe and hotel on Maka al Mukarama Street.
On 20 September a Somali intelligence official was assassinated when a bomb on his car exploded in Mogadishu.
On 24 September Somali General Abdullahi Mohamed Sheikh Qururuh and his bodyguard were assassinated by gunmen in Mogadishu.
On 28 September a car bomb outside a restaurant killed seven people.
On 29 September Somali sources reported 30 people — 12 soldiers and 18 insurgents — killed in an al-Shebaab attack on an SNA base in Barire, 47 km southwest of Mogadishu.  al-Shebaab sources reported 30 government soldiers killed and 11 vehicles captured by them.
On 14 October a large vehicle-borne explosive device detonated at a busy crossroads in Mogadishu, killing at least 300 people. While al-Shebaab did not claim responsibility for this attack it was widely believed to have been the work of this terrorist group.
On 25 October a Ugandan soldier and two civilians were reported killed by al-Shebaab insurgents in an ambush on the outskirts of Mogadishu which also left four terrorists dead.
On 28 October five al-Shebaab terrorists detonated a car bomb outside a Mogadishu hotel before assaulting the building and killing civilians.  Up to 23 people were killed, along with two of the terrorists, before Somali security forces were able to end the attack.  Three surviving terrorists were captured. A second suicide car bomb detonated near the former Parliament house.
On 23 February twin car-bomb explosions in Mogadishu killed at least 38 people.  The first targeted the presidential palace, Villa Somalia, while the second bomb apparently targeted a hotel.
On 23 February Ugandan soldiers shot dead three Somalia National Army (SNA) personnel in Mogadishu after a Ugandan vehicle convoy was apparently fired upon by the Somalis.
On 1 March two soldiers were killed and five other people wounded in an al-Shebaab suicide car-bomb attack on a checkpoint 15 km outside Mogadishu.
On 2 March five Burundian soldiers were reported killed in an al-Shebaab ambush on a military convoy near Balad, 30 km north of Mogadishu.  On the same day a suicide bomb attack on a SNA base at Afgoye and subsequent IED attack resulted in five SNA personnel and a suicide bomber dying.
On 2 April al-Shebaab launched coordinated attacks on three Ugandan bases, at Qoryoley, Buulo Mareer and Golweyn.  Initial reports gave casualties as 36 al-Shebaab killed with four Ugandan soldiers killed and six wounded. Subsequent reports from Uganda gave conflicting accounts of their casualties but it seems likely six Ugandans died.
On 11 April U.S. forces destroyed a Shebaab vehicle-borne improvised explosive device (VBIED) in the vicinity of Jana Cabdalle, some 50 km northwest of Kismayo.  This was reported to be the twelfth air strike by American forces in Somalia during 2018.
On 12 April al-Shebab detonated a bomb at a soccer stadium in Baraawe, killing at least five people.
In the early hours of 24 April a Burundian base in the Arba'ow area, near Elasha Biyahawas on the outskirts of Mogadishu, was reported attacked by insurgents.
On 25 April a UPDF convoy in the El-Waregow area, outside the port city of Merka, was reported to have been targeted by a road-side IED which was followed by an insurgent attack.
On 9 May a roadside bomb in the town of Wanlaweyn, some 90 km northwest of Mogadishu, killed at least five people when it exploded.  Other reports attribute the explosion to a suicide bomber targeting a khat market, and say that eleven civilians were killed, or ten killed and fifteen wounded.
On 10 May a second explosion in Wanlaweyn killed seven Somali soldiers and wounded a further two when a road-side bomb targeted the vehicle in which they were travelling.  The casualty list was also reported as ten soldiers killed.
On 12 May fighting in the village of Halfoley, near the town of Jalalaqsi in the Hiran region, between Somali soldiers and villagers against al-Shebaab tax collectors left 13 insurgents dead.
Also on 12 May a bomb in a market in the Bulomarer district killed four civilians and wounded five.
On 31 May a U.S. air strike 50 km southwest of Mogadishu was reported to have killed 12 al-Shebaab insurgents.  This was said to be the fifteenth U.S. air strike in Somalia during 2018.
On 2 June U.S. forces conducted their sixteenth air strike in Somalia for 2018.  Twenty-seven 'terrorists' were reported killed in the strike near the town of Bosaso, in Puntland. Although the true success of this and other U.S. air/drone strikes in Somalia must remain in doubt as there seems to have been no ground follow-up and so no enemy bodies were recovered, or enemy personnel individually identified; no prisoners taken; no documents captured; no weapons or equipment recovered.
On 8 June fighting was reported between Somalia National Army forces and al-Shebaab when the insurgents attacked the town of El Wak in what was believed to be a continuation of intensified attacks over Ramadan.
On 8 June a Somali soldier was assassinated in a market in Afgoye.
During 8 and 9 June al-Shebaab attacks on a joint Somali-Kenyan-U.S. base 2 km north of the town of Sanguni led to the deaths of a U.S. Special Forces soldier and two Somali soldiers, with another four U.S. personnel wounded.  The base was reported to have then been abandoned.
On 11 June at least five Somali soldiers were killed and three others injured in an insurgent attack near Teed, 30 km north of Huddur in the Bakool region.
On 1 July a mortar bombardment apparently aimed at an AMISOM base in the suburb of Halane, Mogadihsu, killed five people and injured another ten.
On 7 July two suicide bombings followed by an attempt to storm Somalia’s Ministry of Interior in Mogadishu left at least 10 people dead and another 20 wounded.
On 13/14 July al-Shebaab attacked the Police Commissioner's residence in Baidoa, killing three soldiers and injuring four.
On 14 July two car-bombs were detonated in Mogadishu targeting the presidential palace compound.
On 23 July Somali forces reportedly repulsed an insurgent attack on one of their bases near Bar-Sanguuni, Lower Juba region, killing 87 insurgents while losing six of their own men.  Al-Shebaab claimed – with some supporting photographic evidence – to have overrun the base and killed 27 government troops.
On 27 August U.S Forces reportedly killed three terrorists in an air strike 40 km southwest of Mogadishu.  This was apparently the 21st air strike by U.S forces to be carried out against al-Shebaab during 2018.
On 11 September al-Shabaab attacked government forces in Mubaraak village, some 60 km west of Mogadishu, killing one of the government troops.
On 21 September al-Shebaab attacked government forces in a position 50 km southwest of Mogadishu.  In response U.S. forces launched air strikes that reportedly killed 18 insurgents.  A further two insurgents were said to have been killed by the defending government troops.
On 1 October U.S forces reportedly killed nine insurgents and wounded one other in an air strike some 40 km northeast of Kismayo.  The air strike was said to be in response to an insurgent attack on government forces.
On 1 October a suicide bomber drove a car into an EU (Italian) military convoy outside the Jaalle Siyad military base in the Hodan district of Mogadishu, killing two civilians and injuring another four.
On 13 October two suicide bombers detonated explosive devices in the town of Baidoa, killing 15 civilians.
On 14 October a third al-Shebaab attack on Somali government forces in just over a month occurred near Araara, triggering a U.S air strike in response.  The air strike was reported to have killed four terrorists.
Human Rights Watch investigation uncovers evidence of sexual exploitation of women. Western-backed African Union troops in Somalia gang-raped women and girls as young as 12 and traded food aid for sex, Human Rights Watch has said. An investigation uncovered evidence of sexual exploitation of women seeking medicine for sick babies at what they assumed was the safety of AU military bases. Human Rights Watch documented cases in a 71 page report published on 8 September 2014 with recommendations to the African Union, the United Nations, the Somali government and AMISOM donors UN, EU, UK and US. The African Union dismissed the Human Rights Watch claims as isolated cases. 
29 May 2020 The Security Council reauthorised the AU Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) until 28 February 2021.
United Nations Security Council
African Union
United Nations-African Union Mission in Darfur
African Union-led Regional Task Force
Multinational Joint Task Force
Force Intervention Brigade
Intergovernmental Authority on Development
Islamic Courts Union
Transitional Federal Government
Somali Civil War (diplomatic and humanitarian efforts)
Paul D. Williams (2018). Fighting for Peace in Somalia: A History and Analysis of the African Union Mission (AMISOM), 2007-2017. Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-19-872454-4.
Official website 
 Media related to African Union Mission to Somalia at Wikimedia Commons
Point of View is an art installation, created by the California artist Matthew Passmore,  consisting of two towers installed in Haifa, Israel, and San Francisco, California. The towers serve as periscopes, offering live views of the other city to viewers.
The Future of Palestine, also known as the Samuel memorandum, was a memorandum circulated by Herbert Samuel to the British Cabinet in January and March 1915, two months after the British declaration of war on the Ottoman Empire.
It was the first time in an official record that enlisting the support of Jews as a war measure was proposed.
Palestine was first discussed at British Cabinet level on 9 November 1914, four days after Britain's declaration of war on the Ottoman Empire. David Lloyd George, then Chancellor of the Exchequer "referred to the ultimate destiny of Palestine." Lloyd George's law firm Lloyd George, Roberts and Co had been engaged a decade before by the Zionist Federation of Great Britain and Ireland to work on the Uganda Scheme. In a discussion after the meeting President of the Local Government Board Herbert Samuel, Lloyd George assured him that "he was very keen to see a Jewish state established in Palestine." Samuel then outlined the Zionist position more fully in a conversation with Foreign Secretary Edward Grey.  He spoke of Zionist aspirations for the establishment in Palestine of a Jewish state, and of the importance of its geographical position to the British Empire.  Samuel's memoirs state: I mentioned that two things would be essential—that the state should be neutralized, since it could not be large enough to defend itself, and that the free access of Christian pilgrims should be guaranteed. ... I also said it would be a great advantage if the remainder of Syria were annexed by France, as it would be far better for the state to have a European power as neighbour than the Turk The same evening, Prime Minister H. H. Asquith announced that the dismemberment of the Turkish Empire had become a war aim in a speech for the Lord Mayor's Banquet at the Mansion House, "It is the Ottoman Government, and not we who have rung the death knell of Ottoman dominion not only in Europe but in Asia."
In December 1914 Samuel met Chaim Weizmann, who after the war was elected as the President of the World Zionist Organization, and later the first President of Israel. Samuel was then a member of the British Cabinet in his role as President of the Local Government Board. According to Weizmann's memoirs, Samuel was already an avid believer in Zionism, and believed that Weizmann's demands were too modest. Samuel did not want to enter into a detailed discussion of his plans, but mentioned that "perhaps the Temple may be rebuilt, as a symbol of Jewish unity, of course, in a modernised form".A case study says that recollections of Josiah Wedgwood confirm those of David Lloyd George (supported by the National Archives) that the first meeting between Lloyd George and Weizmann was in August 1915  while noting that several sources refer to a meeting in December 1914 or January 1915. (According to Schneer, on 15 January 1915, Weizmann and Samuel met at 11 Downing Street with Lloyd George but sources that to Weizmann's Trial and Error which gives the date as 3 December 1914.) At the end of January, Samuel forwarded the memorandum to Prime Minister H. H. Asquith and Foreign Minister Edward Grey for approval.Lloyd George, who was later to be Prime Minister himself at the time of the Balfour Declaration, was noted by Asquith to be the only Cabinet member strongly in favour of the proposal.
The memorandum began by noting that the outbreak of World War I presented an opportunity for a change "in the status of Palestine". He noted that it would likely be too early for an independent Jewish state, and that incorporation into the British Empire would be the solution "which would be much the most welcome to the leaders and supporters of the Zionist movement throughout the world".The memorandum then set out five benefits to the British Empire of such a strategy. These were:
1. It would enable the country "to fulfil in yet another sphere her historic part of civiliser of the backward countries."
2. It would raise the prestige of the British Empire
3. It would allow a positive outcome of the war for the British Empire without stripping Germany of her colonies and creating a war of revenge
4. It would improve the defences of Egypt, acting as a strong frontier
5. It "would win for England the lasting gratitude of the Jews throughout the world", including 2 million Jews in the United StatesThe alternatives to British annexation were then considered. French annexation was considered "unwelcome to the Jews", Internationalisation would "lay the country under a dead hand", annexation to a Greater Egypt would introduce complications, and leaving the country to Turkey with guarantees for Jewish colonisation would likely leave the situation substantially unimproved.Samuel then concluded by noting that whilst a British Palestine would not alone solve the Jewish question in Europe, it would have an important effect upon "the character" of the world's Jews, thereby enriching the world. Samuel concluded by referencing a famous parliamentary speech given by Thomas Babington Macaulay in 1833 during the emancipation of British Jews 
"Let a Jewish centre be established in Palestine; let it achieve, as I believe it would achieve, a spiritual and intellectual greatness; and insensibly, but inevitably, the character of the individual Jew, wherever he might be, would be ennobled. The sordid associations which have attached to the Jewish name would be sloughed off, and the value of the Jews as an element in the civilisation of the European peoples would be enhanced. The Jewish brain is a physiological product not to be despised. For fifteen centuries the race produced in Palestine a constant succession of great men – statesmen and prophets, judges and soldiers. If a body be again given in which its soul can lodge, it may again enrich the world. Till full scope is granted, as Macaulay said in the House of Commons, "let us not presume to say that there is no genius among the countrymen of Isaiah, no heroism among the descendants of the Maccabees."
According to Friedman, the final March version ("as presumably also the January one") was not discussed in either Cabinet or the War Council.Prime Minister H. H. Asquith noted on January 28 about the first draft:
"I have just received from Herbert Samuel a memorandum headed 'The Future of Palestine'... He thinks we might plant in this not very promising territory about three or four million European Jews, and that this would have a good effect on those left behind. It reads almost like a new edition of Tancred brought up to date...it is a curious illustration of Dizzy's [Disraeli's] favourite maxim that 'race is everything' to find this almost lyrical outburst proceeding from the well ordered and methodical brain of H.S."...
and in March about the final version: 
"I think I have already referred to Herbert Samuel's dithyrambic memorandum, urging that in carving up the Turks' Asiatic dominions we should take Palestine, into which the scattered Jews would in time swarm back from all quarters of the globe, and in due course obtain Home Rule. Curiously enough, the only other partisan of this proposal is Lloyd George, who I need not say, does not care a damn for the Jews or their past or their future, but thinks it will be an outrage to let the Holy Places pass into the possession or the protection of 'agnostic, atheistic France'" Writing earlier on 5 February, Rufus Isaacs, 1st Marquess of Reading noted that "[Lloyd-George was] inclined to the sympathetic side – your proposal appeals to the poetic and imaginative as well as to the romantic and religious qualities of his mind".
Samuel's cousin and Anti-Zionist Edwin Montagu wrote a letter to Asquith on 16 March 1915: "Palestine in itself offers little or no attraction to Great Britain from a strategical or material point of view"..."[Palestine would be] incomparably a poorer possession than, let us say, Meopotamia"..."I cannot see any Jews I know tending olive trees or herding sheep"..."There is no Jewish race now as a homogenous whole. It is quite obvious that the Jews in Great Britain are as remote from the Jews in Morocco or the black Jews in Cochin as the Christian Englishman is from the moor or the Hindoo"..."If only our peoples would...take their place as non-conformists, then Zionism would obviously die and Jews might find their way to esteem."
Schneer, Jonathan (2011). The Balfour Declaration: The Origins of the Arab-Israeli Conflict. A&C Black. pp. 145–. ISBN 978-1-4088-0970-9.
Elath, Eliahu (1976). Zionism at the UN: A Diary of the First Days. Jewish Publication Society of America. pp. 81–. ISBN 978-0-8276-0083-6.
Huneidi, Sahar (2001). A Broken Trust: Sir Herbert Samuel, Zionism and the Palestinians. I.B.Tauris. p. 84. ISBN 978-1-86064-172-5.
Fromkin, David (1990). A Peace to End All Peace: The Fall of the Ottoman Empire and the Creation of the Modern Middle East. Avon Books. ISBN 978-0-380-71300-4.
Friedman, Isaiah (1973). The Question of Palestine: British-Jewish-Arab Relations, 1914–1918. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 978-1-4128-3868-9.
Rose, Norman (2010). A Senseless, Squalid War: Voices from Palestine, 1890s to 1948. Pimlico. pp. 15–. ISBN 978-1-84595-079-8.
Lorenzo Kamel (2015). Imperial Perceptions of Palestine: British Influence and Power in Late Ottoman Times. British Academic Press. ISBN 978-1-78453-129-4.
Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black, very dark, qucha lake, "black lake", Hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region, Huanta Province, Huanta District. It is situated at a height of about 4,205 metres (13,796 ft), about 0.84 km long and 0.37 km at its widest point. Yanaqucha lies south of the mountain Rasuwillka and northeast of the lake Pampaqucha.
Driehuis railway station is located in Driehuis, the Netherlands. The station opened on 29 September 1957 on the Haarlem–Uitgeest railway. The station has 2 platforms.
As of 9 December 2018, the following services call at Driehuis:
The nearest busstation to Driehuis railway station is Driehuis v.d. Vondellaan.
NS website (in Dutch)
Dutch public transport travel planner (in Dutch)
Etanislao Toni "Tony" Abreu [ah-BREH-yu] (born November 13, 1984) is a Dominican former professional baseball infielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Arizona Diamondbacks, Kansas City Royals and San Francisco Giants. He was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed.
Abreu was signed by the Dodgers as an undrafted free agent on October 17, 2002. He played for the Gulf Coast Dodgers of the Rookie Leagues in 2003 and the Columbus Catfish in "A" ball in 2004.
In 2005, while playing for the Vero Beach Dodgers, Abreu led the Florida State League in hitting with a .327 batting average and was an All-Star at second base. He also played for the Phoenix Desert Dogs in the Arizona Fall League, and helped win an AFL championship, batting .305 with a homer and seven RBIs in the AFL.In 2006, for the Double-A Jacksonville Suns, he hit .287 and was invited to spring training with the Dodgers before the 2007 season. He hit .340 for the Dodgers in spring training, but wound up opening the season with the Triple-A Las Vegas 51s. Primarily a second baseman in the minors, the Dodgers used his stint with the 51s to give him some playing time at third base, figuring that was the position that he might get the best chance to advance.
Abreu made his Major League debut on May 22 against the Milwaukee Brewers, and recorded his first Major League hit three days later against the Chicago Cubs. He hit his first home run on June 26, 2007, as a pinch hitter in the 10th inning to key the Dodgers extra innings victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks.
He suffered a groin injury late in the 2007 season that kept him on the disabled list for the entire 2008 season. He began the 2009 season in the minors with the Chattanooga Lookouts and the Albuquerque Isotopes. After hitting .342 in 37 games with the Isotopes, he returned to the big leagues when the Dodgers called up him up on August 7.
He was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks as the "player to be named" in a deal that sent pitcher Jon Garland to the Dodgers. The deal was held up for several weeks due to a dispute between Abreu and the Dodgers over service time.He appeared in 81 games with the Diamondbacks in 2010 and hit .233.
Abreu was signed as a free agent by the Kansas City Royals after spending the 2011 season in the Diamondback minor league system. He was called up to the Royals on August 5, 2012 after spending time in the Royals minor league system. Abreu appeared in 22 games with KC, batting .257.On January 25, 2013 the Royals designated Abreu for assignment as they made room on the 40-man roster for catcher George Kottaras.
On February 4, 2013, the San Francisco Giants claimed Abreu off waivers from the Kansas City Royals. He was placed on the 15-day disabled list on March 30, but would play in 53 games hitting .268 for the Giants during the 2013 season. The Giants released Abreu on March 23, 2014, prior to the end of spring training, but later re-signed him to a minor league contract, which he opted out of on July 21, 2014.
On February 21, 2017, Abreu signed with the Bridgeport Bluefish of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
On November 1, 2017 Abreu was selected by the New Britain Bees in the Bridgeport Bluefish dispersal draft  On February 13, 2018, Abreu signed with the Bees for the 2018 season.Abreu announced his retirement on May 4, 2018. 
Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball-Reference, or Fangraphs, or Baseball-Reference (Minors)
Wilfrid Airey (27 September 1907 – 19 July 1980) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played in seven first-class matches for Wellington from 1927 to 1940.
List of Wellington representative cricketers
Wilfrid Airey at ESPNcricinfo
Gustavo Torrijos (born 23 September 1962) is a Spanish former swimmer who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Myrsini Malakou is a Greek biologist. She was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2001, for her contributions to the protection of the wetlands of Préspa, jointly with fellow biologist Giorgos Catsadorakis.
The Central Highlands is a region of Victoria. This term is mainly used in a geological context to describe the part of the Great Dividing Range in Victoria that is outside the Alpine areas. The area is situated east of Ballarat, south of Bendigo, north and east of Melbourne, west of the Alpine areas and includes the Great Dividing Range. Major towns of the highlands include Castlemaine, Creswick, Daylesford, Gisborne, Kyneton and Woodend. All these towns are located in the western part of the Central Highlands usually referred to as the West Central Highlands. The eastern part of the Central Highlands referred to as the East Central Highlands also contains areas of rainforest.
The East Victorian Central Highlands, including Melbourne's forested water catchments, contain cool temperate rainforests; dominated by myrtle beech and southern sassafras, with an understorey of ferns and mosses.  They may also contain eucalypt trees and blackwood.
The Central Highlands Regional Forest Agreement protects approximately 43.84% of rainforest stands in the Central Highlands of Victoria within dedicated reserves. Any rainforest that is not within these dedicated reserve is susceptible to the impacts of clearfell logging. 
A paper published in the US-based Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reports that the world's most carbon dense forest is found in the Central Highlands of Victoria.Logging is proceeding in very significant regions of the Toolangi State Forest, including forest that provides habitat for the endangered Leadbeater's possum such as Nolan's Gully, and forest adjacent to Sylvia Creek Road.
Bogong High Plains
High Plains of South-Eastern Australia
https://web.archive.org/web/20080828020552/http://www.chsa.org.au/
Central Highlands at the Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry
Lafora disease is a fatal autosomal recessive, genetic disorder characterized by the presence of inclusion bodies, known as Lafora bodies, within the cytoplasm of the cells in the heart, liver, muscle, and skin. Lafora disease is also a neurodegenerative disease that causes impairment in the development of cerebral cortical neurons and is a glycogen metabolism disorder.
Lafora disease, is a rare, adult-onset recessive neurodegenerative disease, which results in myoclonus epilepsy and usually results in death several years after the onset of symptoms. The disease is characterized by the accumulation of insoluble particles called Lafora bodies, which are derived from glycogen.Lafora disease (LD) was described by the Spanish Neuropathologist Gonzalo Rodríguez Lafora (1886-1971) in 1911, while directing the Neuropathology Section at the Government Hospital for Mental Insane (current NIH, USA)
Gonzalo Rodríguez Lafora was a disciple of Santiago Ramón y Cajal (Nobel laureate in Physiology or Medicine 1906) and one of the most brilliant exponents of the Cajal School or the Spanish Neurological School.
Typically Lafora is very rare in children, adolescents and adults worldwide. However, Lafora disease has a higher incidence among children and adolescents with ancestry from regions where incestuous relationships are common, namely the Mediterranean (North Africa, Southern Europe), the Middle East, India, and Pakistan.  Dogs can also have the condition. In canines, Lafora disease can spontaneously occur in any breed, but the Miniature Wire Haired Dachshund, Bassett Hound, and the Beagle are predisposed to LD.Most human patients with this disease do not live past the age of twenty-five, and death within ten years of symptoms is usually inevitable. Late on-set symptoms of this disease can begin at any age depending on the genes affected. At present, there is no cure for this disease but there are ways to deal with symptoms through treatments and medications.
Symptoms of Lafora disease begin to develop during the early adolescent years, and symptoms progress as time passes. In the years before then, there is generally no indication of the presence of the disease, though in a few cases, the disease presents as a learning disorder around 5 years of age. In extremely rare cases, symptoms may not show at all until as late as the 3rd decade of life, though these cases have slower progression than typical LD. The most common feature of Lafora disease is seizures that have been reported mainly as occipital seizures and myoclonic seizures with some cases of generalized tonic-clonic seizures, atypical absence seizures, and atonic and complex partial seizures. Other symptoms common with the seizures are drop attacks, ataxia, temporary blindness, visual hallucinations, and a quickly-developing and dramatic dementia.Other common signs and symptoms associated with Lafora disease are behavioral changes due to the frequency of seizures. Over time those affected with Lafora disease have brain changes that cause confusion, speech difficulties, depression, decline in intellectual function, impaired judgement and impaired memory. If areas of the cerebellum are affected by seizures, it is common to see problems with speech, coordination, and balance in Lafora patients.For dogs that are affected with Lafora disease, common symptoms are rapid shuddering, shaking, or jerking of the canine's head backwards, high pitched vocalizations that could indicate the dog is panicking, seizures, and as the disease progresses dementia, blindness, and loss of balance.
Lafora disease is an autosomal recessive disorder, caused by loss of function mutations in either laforin glycogen phosphatase gene (EPM2A) or malin E3 ubiquitin ligase gene (NHLRC1). These mutations in either of these two genes lead to polyglucosan formation or lafora body formation in the cytoplasm of heart, liver, muscle, and skin.EPM2A codes for the protein laforin, a dual-specificity phosphatase that acts on carbohydrates by taking phosphates off.NHLRC1 encodes the protein malin, an E3 ubiquitin ligase, that regulates the amount of laforin.Laforin is essential for making the normal structure of glycogen. When the mutation occurs on the EPM2A gene, laforin protein is downregulated and less amount of this protein is present or none is made at all. If there is also a mutation in the NHLRC1 gene that makes the protein malin, then laforin cannot be regulated and thus less of it is made.
Less Laforin means more phosphorylation of glycogen, causing conformational changes, rendering it insoluble, leading to an accumulation of misformed glycogen, which has neurotoxic effects. 
In a laforin mutation, glycogen would be hyperphosphorylated; this has been confirmed in laforin knock-out mice.Research literature also suggests that over-activity of glycogen synthase, the key enzyme in synthesizing glycogen, can lead to the formation of polyglucosans and it can be inactivated by phosphorylation at various amino acid residues by many molecules, including GSK-3beta, Protein phosphatase 1, and malin.As defective enzyme molecules participate in the production of these molecules (GSK-3beta, PP1, and malin), excessive glycogen synthase activity occurs in combination with mutations in laforin that phosphorylates the excess glycogen being made, rendering it insoluble. The key player missing is ubiquitin. It is not able to degrade the excess amount of the insoluble lafora bodies. Since mutations arise in malin, an e3 ubiquitin ligase, this directly interferes with the degradation of laforin, causing the laforin not to be degraded; it can then hyperphosphorylate.
Lafora disease is distinguished by the presence of inclusions called "Lafora bodies" within the cytoplasm of cells. Lafora bodies are aggregates of polyglucosans or abnormally shaped glycogen molecules. Glycogen in Lafora disease patients has abnormal chain lengths, which causes them to be insoluble, accumulate, and have a neurotoxic effect.For glycogen to be soluble, there must be short chains and a high frequency of branching points, but this is not found in the glycogen in Lafora patients. LD patients have longer chains that have clustered arrangement of branch points that form crystalline areas of double helices making it harder for them to clear the blood-brain barrier. The glycogen in LD patients also has higher phosphate levels and is present in greater quantities.
Lafora Disease is diagnosed by conducting a series of tests by a neurologist, epileptologist (person who specializes in epilepsy), or geneticist. To confirm the diagnosis, an EEG, MRI, and genetic testing are needed. A biopsy may be necessary as well to detect and confirm the presence of Lafora bodies in the skin. Typically, if a patient comes to a doctor and has been having seizures, as patients with LD characteristically have, these are the standard screening tests.
Unfortunately there is no cure for Lafora Disease with treatment being limited to controlling seizures through anti-epileptic and anti-convulsant medications. The treatment is usually based on the individual's specific symptoms and the severity of those symptoms. Some examples of medications include valproate, levetiracetam, topiramate, benzodiazepines, or perampanel. Although the symptoms and seizures can be controlled for a long period by using anti-epileptic drugs, the symptoms will progress and patients lose their ability to perform daily activities leading to the survival rate of approximately 10 years after symptoms begin. Quality of life worsens as the years go on, with some patients requiring a feeding tube so that they can get the nutrition and medication they need in order to keep functioning, but not necessarily living. Recently Metformin is approved for the treatment.
The disease is named after Gonzalo Rodríguez Lafora (1886–1971), a Spanish neuropathologist who first recognized small inclusion bodies in Lafora patients. Since the discovery of Lafora Disease in early to mid 1900s there has not been too much research into it, until more recent years.
Recent research is looking into how inhibition of glycogen synthesis, since increased glucose uptake causes increased glycogen, could potentially stop the formation of the Lafora Bodies in neurons in laforin-deficient mice models while also reducing the chances of seizures. The adipocyte hormone Leptin is what this research targeted by blocking the leptin signaling to reduce glucose uptake and stop Lafora bodies from forming.Other researchers are looking into the ways in which Lafora bodies are being regulated at the level of gene expression. There is specific research looking into how Laforin, a glycogen dephosphatase, gene expression is potentially being downregulated or mutations are arising in the DNA in LD allowing more phosphates to be present helping to render glycogen insoluble.During the past two years (2015-2017), researchers in U.S., Canada, and Europe have formed the (LECI) Lafora Epilepsy Cure Initiative to try and find a cure for Lafora Disease with funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) led by Dr. Matthew Gentry at the University of Kentucky. Since researchers have found the two genes that cause LD, they are currently aiming to interrupt the process of how these mutations in those genes interfere with normal carbohydrate metabolism in mice models. They predict they will have one or more drugs ready for human clinical trials within the next few years.
Lafora disease - OxfordJournals.org
GeneReview/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Progressive Myoclonus Epilepsy, Lafora Type
Diederik Wissels (born December 1960, Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch jazz pianist.In 1968, he moved to Brussels, Belgium and later attended Boston's Berklee College of Music. In his early career, he played with Chet Baker, Joe Henderson and Toots Thielemans. Wissels' solo and duo recordings include "The Hillock Songstress" (1994), "From This Day Forward" (1997), "Streams" with Bart Defoort (2001), "Song of You" (2004), "Pasarela" (2017) and "Secrecy" (2020 - with Portuguese singer Ana Rocha). He appears regularly and has also recorded with David Linx, for example on Viktor Lazlo's album Amour(s).
Official website
Biography
Diederik Wissels on Igloo Records
Diederik Wissels discography at Discogs
The Dux de Lux (Latin: Masters of the Finest), originally called Llanmaes, was a popular beer garden and restaurant in Christchurch, New Zealand, that was part of the Arts Centre. 
The building, initially a private home, became the home of the student union of the University of Canterbury at this central city site before the tertiary institution moved to the suburb of Ilam. It is listed as a Category II heritage building (register number 4907) by Heritage New Zealand. The building was closed following the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake, with the restaurant and bar moving to various suburban premises.
The Dux de Lux is located in a stand-alone building, on the corner of Hereford and Montreal Streets in the central city. It is these days part of the Arts Centre that occupies that whole block and is thus located in the cultural precinct.
The merchant John Lewis commissioned the building with Francis Petre as his private residence, and it was constructed in 1883, in a Tudor Revival style similar to Pinner House in Dunedin, another Petre design. Lewis gave it the Welsh name of Llanmaes, which means 'the church in the meadow'. The house changed ownership to Dr Colin Graham Campbell in 1899, who onsold it to Dr Charles Chilton in 1904. Chilton was a zoologist, the first rector to be appointed in Australasia, and the first person to be awarded a D.Sc. degree in New Zealand. He lived in the building until 1911 and sold it to Eliza Vincent. When Vincent died, the building was purchased by the University in 1926. For the next three years, the building was used as the rector's residence.Canterbury College, from which the University of Canterbury developed, was first established in 1872. Either in 1875–1876 on in 1877, the Benjamin Mountfort-designed clock tower was the first building erected by the college on the block bounded by Worcester, Rolleston, Hereford and Montreal Streets. Llanmaes was the last building on the block purchased by the college.The Canterbury Students' Association was formed in 1894. An immediate issue was to find a suitable place for students to meet, but it was not until 1921 that a tearoom was set aside for this purpose. Regarded as a temporary solution, the students pursued the idea to have their own building. V. R. J. Hearn won a design competition with his entry in Gothic Revival style, in keeping with the college's older buildings. The estimated cost of £30,000 proved to put this aim out of reach. The board of the university suggested that Llanmaes, which had just been purchased, could be used by the students. Although the Students' Association rejected the idea, the architects Collins and Harman were tasked with developing plans for extending the building. The architects were sympathetic to the original design and continued with the original style of English Domestic Revival style architecture. An addition, low brick walls around the street frontage, was made in 1928–1929 by Collins and Harman. From 1929, the building served as the Student Union. While a 1954 fire damaged much of the interior, construction in 1955–1956 added a dining room and three meeting rooms. After the student union had moved out, the building was converted into a bar, music venue, and restaurant. The Dux de Lux, which is Latin for Masters of the Finest, opened in late 1978.New Zealand band Salmonella Dub will release the single Same Home Town in 2013 in honour of their 20th birthday. The single is dedicated to the Dux de Lux as their early Christchurch venue.
As a result of the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake, the Dux de Lux closed due to structural damage. The wider Arts Centre was forced to close all its buildings due to severe damage, meaning the famous vegetarian and seafood establishment, alongside other tenants, was evicted.  In late 2011 the music venue Dux Live! opened in Addington. Then 2012 saw the opening of Dux Dine in the neighbouring suburb Riccarton.  The Dux Brewing Company continues to manufacture and supply craft beer, such as the Ginger Tom.
The building's English Cottage style is Tudor influenced. There are several interconnected wings. At the west end, there is a 2-storey Brew Bar with offices above. At the north end, there is a single-storey Tavern Bar. In the northeast corner, there is a 2-storey plus part single storey wing, which includes a restaurant and Function Room. In the southeast corner, a 2-storey section contains stairs, amenities, and an office. Its construction includes slate tile roof cladding, timber rafters, and a timber framed flat roof. Both the first floor and ground floor are timber framed. The exterior load bearing walls, as well as some of the interior walls, are of double brick. The interior finishing is of lath and plaster. A brick chimney is situated in the west wall, while the north wall has a bay window. Other notable features are the stained glass windows, three large panels and three small panels, and brick arches at the north and south entries. In 1929, it had rimu panelling and wallpaper in 'quiet shades'.
The Dux de Lux was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category II heritage building on 26 November 1981 with registration number 4907. It is an example of Francis Petre's domestic work, who is better known for the design of basilicas, including the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament in Christchurch.The building is significant, as it housed the student union of the University of Canterbury for four decades; it is thus considered part of the social fabric of the university by many alumni. Many consider the building to be the heart of the former university.
The Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens Men's Basketball program in various categories, including points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Fightin' Blue Hens represent the University of Delaware in the NCAA's Colonial Athletic Association.Delaware began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1905. However, the school's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent. Since scoring was much lower in this era, and teams played much fewer games during a typical season, it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway.
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season, and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season, but Delaware's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons. These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season.
Hydrolaetare is a genus of leptodactylid frogs. These frogs are found in Colombia, French Guiana, Peru, Bolivia, and Brazil.
There are three species in this genus.
Frederick Rexford Job (9 August 1910 – 24 May 1999)  was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Rex Job's playing statistics from AFL Tables
Rex Job's profile at Blueseum
José María Sicilia (born 1954) is a Spanish abstractionist painter who currently resides in Paris and Sóller.
Sicilia was born in Madrid and grew up in Francoist Spain. He spent his holidays in the monastery town of Escorial near the Sierra de Guadarrama. In 1975 he joined the School of Fine Arts of San Fernando in Madrid. In 1980 he moved to Paris, where he first exhibited, and in 1985 he relocated to New York, where he became a close friend of the composer John Cage.  His early work displayed an Expressionist tendency. During the 1980s he was hailed as one of the most prestigious young Spanish artists.
He is known for his paintings of nature, including landscapes, insects and flowers. He has spent a large amount of time travelling in such countries as Tangier, Syria, Egypt, Morocco and India and his work is inspired by his sojourns. He is  renowned for his unusual techniques such as the use of wax with lithography.Reviewing an exhibition at the Queens Museum of Art, The New York Times noted "Jose Maria Sicilia's paintings are... refined and very seductive. His waxen surfaces create delicate plays of light and shadow. Objects appear like auras or afterimages through the translucent veneers." He has displayed at the Musee d’Art Contemporain (Bordeaux, 2001), Musee des Beaux-Arts (Caen, 2000), Venice Biennale (1986), Centro Atlantico de Arte Moderno, Gran Canaria and Mohamed Mahmoud Khalil Museum, Cairo.  He also held multiple exhibitions in Japan, first in 1988, based in galleries in Nagasaki, Kyoto, Tokyo and most recently in Fukushima, in the wake of the 2011 tsunami and earthquake in the area.
In 1989 he received the National Award for Plastic Arts from the Spanish Ministry of Culture.
Sicilia's work can be found in the following collections:
CAAM, Centro Atlántico de Arte Moderno, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria 
CAPC Musée d'Art Contemporain, Bourdeaux
Centro Andaluz de Arte Contemporáneo, Sevilla
Cincinnati Art Museum, Cincinnati, Ohio
Colección Banco de España, Madrid 
Colección Arte Contemporáneo Fundación La Caixa, Barcelona
Colección Comunidad de Madrid, Madrid
Colección Fundesco, Madrid
Collecció Testimoni de La Caixa, Barcelona 
FRAC (Fonds Régionaux d'Art Contemporani), Midi Pyrenées
Fundació Museu d'Art Contemporani, Barcelona
IVAM, Centre Julio González, Valencia
Meessen De Clercq, Brussels, Belgium.
Musée d'Art Contemporain, Toulouse
Musée d'Art Moderne et la Création
Museo Extremeño Iberoamericano de Arte Español Contemporáneo, Badajoz
Museo Marugame Hirai de Arte Español Contemporáneo, Marugame
Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía, Madrid
Museo de Santa Cruz, Toledo
Museum of Modern Art, New York
Guggenheim, New York 
"La deconstrucción poética de las vanguardias abstractas en la pintura de José María Sicilia (1985-1987)" Kristian Leahy Brajnovic,  issue 18-19 (2005) Inicio
"José Maria Sicilia", La Pensée du Midi 2003/3-1 (issue 11)
Picasso Mio Biography and work
Darenth Wood is a 122.9-hectare (304-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest east of Dartford in Kent.This ancient semi-natural wood has many rare invertebrates, including thirty-two which are nationally scarce and two which are nationally rare: these are beetles which live in dead and dying oak timber, Grilis pannonicus and Platypus cylindricus.The wood is crossed by roads and footpaths.
Hertelidea is a genus of crustose lichens in the family Stereocaulaceae. Characteristics of the genus include carbon-black ring or outer margin (exciple) around the fruit body disc (apothecium), eight-spored, Micarea-type asci and mostly simple, hyaline ascospores that lack a transparent outer layer. Hertelidea species mostly grow on wood, although less frequently they are found on bark or soil. While the type species, Hertelidea botryosa, has a widespread distribution, most of the other species are found only in Australia.
Hertelidea was circumscribed in 2004 by Christian Printzen and Gintaras Kantvilas to accommodate species that were formerly referred to as the "Lecidea botryosa" group. Four species were originally included: Hertelidea botryosa, H. eucalypti, H. geophila, and H. pseudobotryosa. H. aspera was transferred to the genus from Lecidea in 2005, while H. wankaensis was described as a new species in 2006.The genus name honours Hannes Hertel, a German lichenologist who was the subject of the Festschrift in which this species was published.
Hertelidea lichens have a crustose thallus that is sometimes sorediate. Their apothecia, which are often arranged in conspicuous clusters, are lecideine, meaning that they have a carbonized thin black ring (an exciple) around the cup-shaped apothecium. The paraphyses are weakly to moderately branched and anastomosing, and have pigmented, capitate tips that separate readily in KOH. The asci are eight-spored and Micarea-like, featuring a prominent, amyloid thallus that is more or less lacking an ocular chamber but is pierced by a more darkly staining tubular structure. The ascospores are simple or rarely one-septate, colourless, and non-halonate.
One species, H. eucalypti, contains homosekikaic acid, whereas the others contain perlatolic acid.
Species of Hertelidea are typically found on charred and rotting wood. In Australia, the logs and stumps of eucalypts are a particularly favoured substratum.
Hertelidea aspera (Müll.Arg.) Kantvilas & Elix (2005) – Australia
Hertelidea botryosa (Fr.) Printzen & Kantvilas (2004) – boreal and temperate regions in Northern Hemisphere
Hertelidea eucalypti Kantvilas & Printzen (2004) – Australia
Hertelidea geophila Kantvilas & Printzen (2004) – Australia
Hertelidea pseudobotryosa R.C.Harris, Ladd & Printzen (2004) – Australia; North America
Hertelidea wankaensis Kantvilas & Elix (2006) – Australia
Hockey Australia is an organisation that formed from the merger of the Australian Hockey Association and Women's Hockey Australia in 2000. It is the national body responsible for the promotion, development  and administration of field hockey in Australia. Hockey Australia is a full member of the International Hockey Federation, and comprises the State and Territory associations.
The British Army has been credited with the spread of hockey throughout the world, but in Australia's case, the British Navy deserves the honours. In the late 1800s, Australia did not have a naval fleet of its own and relied upon the Royal Navy for the security of the coastline. The British Naval officers stationed in Australia taught the locals the game of hockey and laid the foundations for a sport which Australians have developed and mastered.
Hockey Australia is the governing body that oversees Australia's National Teams.
The Kookaburras (Men)
The Hockeyroos (Women)
The Burras (Under 21 Men)
The Jillaroos (Under 21 Women)
Australia women's national indoor hockey team
Hockey Australia organises National Tournaments, at various levels. These are as follows:
Australian Hockey League 1991–2018 (Men) 1991-2018 (Women), Replaced by Hockey One
Hockey One 2019-Present (Men & Women)
National Championships Last Run in 1993 (Women) 1994 (Men), Replaced by AHL
Under 21 National Championships
Under 18 National Championships
Under 15 National Championships
Under 13 Australian Carnival
National Country Championships
Veterans National Championships
Under 13 Indoor National Carnival
Under 15 Indoor National Championships
Under 21 Indoor National Championships
Under 18 Indoor National Championships
Opens Indoor National ChampionshipsIn August 2015, Hockey Australia announced its Indoor Australian Championships will be held in Wollongong in 2016 and 2017. The three-week festival of indoor hockey will be played at the Illawarra Hockey Centre, in Wollongong. Championships will be played in Open, Under 15, Under 18 and the Under 21 categories, as well as a new Under 13 event, over the 23 days. This is the first time all Australian Indoor Championships are held in one venue.
The Australian Hockey League is the premier field hockey competition in Australia, it began in 1991, with its arrival the Open National Championships were discontinued.
Open National Championships were discontinued after 1994, so for the early years of the AHL there was also a National Championships.
From 2014 onwards, the Under 18 National Championships have been contested by 10 teams, with New South Wales and Victoria each fielding 2 teams. In 2016 this number increased to 11 with the addition of a second Queensland team.
From 2010 onwards, Hockey Australia have not played a finals series in the U15 National Championships, so the winners were the teams ranked highest on the ladder after the round-robin competition. In 2014 Hockey Australia increased the number of teams to 12 with the stronger states (NSW, QLD, VIC, WA) fielding two teams each, playoff matches were reintroduced.
The Under 13 National Championship was included as a full National Championship from 2011. Prior to this an invitational event was run and sanctioned by Hockey Australia, but did not hold National Championship status. Similarly to the U15 competition, there is no finals series and the Champion is the team ranked highest on the ladder at the conclusion of the competition. In 2014 Hockey Australia increased the number of teams to 12 with the stronger states (NSW, QLD, VIC, WA) fielding two teams each. In 2015 Hockey Australia renamed this event as an Australian Carnival, with the stronger states (NSW, QLD, VIC, WA) required to pick even teams in order to promote participation over elitism, matches are also shortened to 20 minute halves with a full round robin.
Kookaburras – Australia men's national field hockey team
Australia women's national field hockey team
Australian field hockey players
Indoor field hockey
Indoor Hockey World Cup
Australian Hockey League
Hockey One
Official website
Swisher Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Iowa.Swisher Creek was named after Benjamin Swisher, a pioneer settler.
Pia Mancini is an activist and technical project leader from Argentina.
She is co-founder of Democracy Earth and Open Collective. The latter is a project that facilitates open source code contributors to receive donations.
Mancini worked for the Unión Celeste y Blanco, an Argentine political party, from 2010 to 2012, but was dissatisfied with the lack of responsiveness to the public. She subsequently started the Net Democracy foundation, a non-profit, to support citizen participation in government through the use of technology. In 2012 the foundation released DemocracyOS, an online app that allows citizens to understand, discuss and "vote" on new legislation. As a next step, she and her associates founded the Net Party, an Argentine political party that pledges to act according to people's wishes as expressed online.In 2013 she co-founded the non-profit Democracy Earth, based in Palo Alto, California, which provides an online platform for political groups, and in January 2016 she co-founded Open Collective, which provides a platform for open-source project groups to collect and spend money semi-transparently.Her TED talk, How to Upgrade Democracy for the Internet Era, received over a million views.
Direct democracy
Liquid democracy
LiquidFeedback
Open-source governance
Official website
"How to upgrade democracy for the Internet era" (TEDGlobal 2014)
Cirsium mohavense is a species of thistle known by the common names virgin thistle and Mojave thistle.  It is native to the southwestern United States, where it grows in moist areas in otherwise dry habitat, such as desert springs.  It is most common in the Mojave Desert, found also in the southern Great Basin and other nearby regions of California, Nevada, western Arizona, and southwestern Utah.Cirsium mohavense is a biennial or perennial growing up to 2.5 meters (100 inches or 8 feet 4 inches) tall. The densely woolly stem branches and spreads near the top. The leaves are toothed to deeply lobed, woolly, spiny, and up to 60 centimeters (24 inches) long near the base of the plant. The inflorescence is a spreading array of clusters of flower heads, each generally less than 3 centimeters long and wide. The flower head is coated in spiny phyllaries and filled with white, lavender, or pink flowers. The fruit is an achene a few millimeters long with a pappus on top about 1.5 centimeters long.
Jepson Manual Treatment of Cirsium mohavense
Cirsium mohavense — Calphotos Photos gallery, University of California
Shaft is a double album by Isaac Hayes, recorded for Stax Records' Enterprise label as the soundtrack LP for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's 1971 blaxploitation film  Shaft. The album mostly consists of instrumentals composed by Hayes as score for the film. Three vocal selections are included: "Soulsville", "Do Your Thing", and "Theme from Shaft". A commercial and critical success, Shaft is Hayes' best-known work and the best-selling LP ever released on a Stax label.In 2014, the album was added to the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."
Hayes initially became involved with Shaft in hopes of having director Gordon Parks cast him in the title role, but was not aware that Richard Roundtree had already been cast as John Shaft. Hayes did appear in the film in a cameo role, but, more significantly, composed the film's score. While the film was still in production, Parks sent Hayes raw footage of some of the film's scenes, and Hayes wrote three pieces for the scenes: "Theme from Shaft" for the opening title sequence, "Soulsville" for a scene in which Shaft walks through Harlem, and "Ellie's Love Theme" for a love scene.Pleased with the results, MGM hired Hayes to compose the rest of the score, and the musician spent two months working between tour dates on the score at the MGM studio. Once the score was composed and arranged, Hayes recorded the rhythm tracks with Stax band The Bar-Kays in one day. The orchestral tracks were recorded the next day, and the vocals the day after that. The songs were later re-recorded for the album at Stax Studios and slightly rearranged from their film versions: MGM's recording facility was based upon a three-track system, and Hayes wanted a richer sound for the album).
Upon its release in the summer of 1971, Shaft became the first double album of original studio material released by an R&B artist. The album peaked at number one on The Billboard 200 chart, and spent sixty weeks on the chart. It took the top position on the Top R&B Albums chart for 14 weeks.  Both "Theme from Shaft" and "Do Your Thing" became Top 40 singles on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, with the former peaking at number one.
At the 1972 Grammy Awards, "Theme from Shaft" won the awards for Best Engineered Recording, Non-Classical and Best Instrumental Arrangement. The film score as a whole won for Best Instrumental Composition Written Specifically For A Motion Picture or for Television. The National Association of Television and Radio Announcers gave Shaft its Album of the Year award. At the Academy Awards that year, Hayes became the first African-American to win an Oscar for a non-acting category when "Theme from Shaft" won the award for Best Original Song. Isaac Hayes was nominated for Original Dramatic Score as well, losing to Michel Legrand for the score to Summer of '42.
The 2009 re-release of the soundtrack on CD by Stax Records added an additional track, "Theme from Shaft" (2009 Mix), timed at 4:45.
All songs written and produced by Isaac Hayes.
"Theme from Shaft" (Vocal Version)  – 4:39
"Bumpy's Lament"  – 1:51
"Walk from Regio's"  – 2:24
"Ellie's Love Theme"  – 3:18
"Shaft's Cab Ride"  – 1:10
"Cafe Regio's"  – 6:10
"Early Sunday Morning"  – 3:49
"Be Yourself"  – 4:30
"A Friend's Place"  – 3:24
"Soulsville" (Vocal Version)  – 3:48
"No Name Bar"  – 6:11
"Bumpy's Blues"  – 4:04
"Shaft Strikes Again"  – 3:04
"Do Your Thing" (Vocal Version)  – 19:30
"The End Theme"  – 1:56
Lead vocals (tracks A1, C1, D1), keyboards (All tracks), and lyrics (A1, C1, D1) : Isaac Hayes
Rhythm, Horns and Strings arranged by Johnny Allen (tracks A1-A2, A4-D2), J. J. Johnson (A3), and Isaac Hayes (All tracks)
Backing vocals by Pat Lewis, Rose Williams, and Telma Hopkins (tracks A1, C1, D1)
Instrumentation by The Bar-Kays and The Isaac Hayes Movement
Electric piano by Lester Snell
Bass guitar by James Alexander
Guitar by Charles Pitts
Guitar by Michael Toles
Drums by Willie Hall
Conga, and Bongo drums by Gary Jones
Lead Trumpet by Richard "Johnny" Davis
Flute by John Fonville
"Do Your Thing" was also a Top 40 Pop Single
Shaft
Best Instrumental Composition Written Specifically For A Motion Picture or for Television (Isaac Hayes)
Theme from Shaft
Best Engineered Recording, Non-Classical (Dave Purple, Henry Bush, Ron Capone)
Best Instrumental Arrangement (Isaac Hayes, Johnny Allen)
Theme from Shaft
Best Original Song - Theme From Shaft (Isaac Hayes)
"Theme from Shaft"
"Power To The People" (outro)" by Public Enemy (band) from the album Fear of a Black Planet
No Name Bar"
"Soulja's Story" by 2Pac from the album 2Pacalypse Now
"Bumpy's Lament"
"Drugs" by Lil' Kim from the album Hardcore
"Xxplosive" by Dr. Dre from the album 2001
"Back At You" by Mobb Deep from the album Sunset Park (soundtrack)
"Walk from Regio's"
"Sound Of Science" by The Beastie Boys from the album Paul's Boutique
"On the Double" by Grooverider from the album Mysteries of Funk
"Do Your Thing"
"Smooth Operator" by Big Daddy Kane from the album It's a Big Daddy Thing
List of number-one albums of 1971 (U.S.)
List of number-one R&B albums of 1971 (U.S.)
The team eventing at the 1980 Summer Olympics took place between 25 and 27 July. The event was open to men and women. The competition included three segments: dressage, cross-country, and show-jumping. Penalties from each were summed to give a total score. Scores from the top 3 horse and rider pairs for each nation were summed to give a team score; the lowest pair's score was dropped. Teams without at least 3 finishing pairs were not given a final score.The competition was split into three phases:
Dressage (25 July)
Riders performed the dressage test.
Endurance (26 July)
Riders tackled roads and tracks, steeplechase and cross-country portions.
Jumping (27 July)
Riders jumped at the show jumping course.
Jane Mallett (April 17, 1899 – April 14, 1984) was a notable Canadian stage and film actress. She was born as Jean Dawson Keenleyside in London, Ontario, Canada.
Her films included Love at First Sight with Dan Aykroyd, The Sweet and the Bitter, The Yellow Leaf, Nothing Personal, and Improper Channels.  She was a stalwart on CBC Radio from the 1940s to the 1960s, working with such notables as Andrew Allan, John Drainie, and Barry Morse.  Mallett's stage career included performances with the Shaw Festival of Canada and the Stratford Festival of Canada.
She was posthumously celebrated in Toronto by the naming of a theatre in her honour at the St. Lawrence Centre for the Arts.  The Jane Mallett Theatre is a 498-seat venue, an intimate environment with superior sight lines and exceptional acoustics.  Staffed by professional technicians and equipped with a lighting grid and unique fly system, the semi-circular thrust stage is ideal for concerts, theatrical productions as well as the most demanding high-tech audiovisual presentations.
Jane Mallett at IMDb
Jane Mallett fonds (R2281) at Library and Archives Canada
The Oklahoma State Board of Equalization is an agency of the state of Oklahoma that is responsible for tax administration. The Board is responsible for adjusting and equalizing the valuation of real and personal property of the several counties of Oklahoma. Board is also responsible for providing an estimate of all revenue that will be available for appropriation by the Oklahoma Legislature for the coming fiscal year.
The State Board of Equalization was established in 1907 by ratification of the Oklahoma Constitution.
The State Board of Equalization is under the leadership of the Governor of Oklahoma, the Oklahoma State Auditor and Inspector and the Secretary of Finance and Revenue.
As established by Article 10 of the Oklahoma Constitution, the Board was composed of seven elected officials. Following an amendment to the Constitution in 1975, the Board now consists of six elected officials and one appointed official, with all members serving as ex officio members.
As of 2015, the current membership of the Board is as follows:
Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin - Chairman
Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma Todd Lamb - Vice Chair
Oklahoma State Auditor and Inspector Gary Jones - Secretary
State Treasurer of Oklahoma Ken Miller
Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt
Oklahoma Superintendent of Public Instruction Joy Hofmeister
President of the Board of Agriculture Jim Reese
On December 1 of each year, or the first working day thereafter, the Board must equalize the taxable real and personal property value of the several counties for the purpose of tax assessment by the county assessors. This is done by determining the ratio of the aggregate assessed value of the county to the fair cash value of the county. The Board also examines the various county assessments to equalize, correct and adjust them as between and within the counties. The Board is responsible for determine the assessment ratio for all air carrier, railroad, and public service corporation property in the state.
The Board is responsible for providing an estimate of all revenue that will be available for appropriation by the Oklahoma Legislature for the coming year fiscal year. The Governor, through the Oklahoma Office of State Finance, then uses that estimate to prepare and submit the State's annual budget for approval by the Legislature.
Oklahoma Tax Commission
Oklahoma Office of State Finance
Oklahoma Office of State Finance official website - provides eGov support to the Board
Jalan Lundu–Sematan is a major highway in Kuching Division in Sarawak, Malaysia. This highway is also part of the Pan Borneo Highway network.
Pages is a word processor developed by Apple Inc. It is part of the iWork productivity suite and runs on the macOS, iPadOS, and iOS operating systems. It is also available on iCloud on the web. The first version of Pages was released in February 2005. Pages is marketed by Apple as an easy-to-use application that allows users to quickly create documents on their devices. A number of Apple-designed templates comprising different themes (such as letters, résumés, CVs, posters, and outlines) are included with Pages.
On January 6, 2009, Apple released the fourth version of Pages as a component of iWork '09. On January 27, 2010, Apple announced a new version of Pages for iPad with a touch interface. On May 31, 2011, Apple updated the iOS version of Pages to 1.4, bringing universal binaries, allowing the app to be run on iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch devices. On October 12, 2011, Apple updated the iOS app to version 1.5, adding the iCloud "Documents in the Cloud" feature. iOS Pages was updated to version 1.6 on March 7, 2012, and will only run on iOS 5.1 or later. Pages for OS X was updated to version 4.3 on December 4, 2012, to support Pages 1.7 for iOS, which was released on the same day. Pages for iOS 1.7.1 introduced better compatibility with Word and Pages for Mac, and version 1.7.2, released on March 7, 2013, merely added stability improvements and bugfixes.
On October 23, 2013, Apple released a redesign with Pages 5.0 and made it free for anyone with an iOS device. In this release, many templates, as well as some advanced features that were available in version 4.3, were not included. Some of these missing features were put back over the next releases but the current version (10.3.5) still lacks features from version 4.3, including mail merge, non-contiguous selection of text, advanced find/replace functions, the ability to print comments, and more.
Pages is a word processor and page layout application. When Pages is first opened, users are presented with a template chooser which allows them to start with a blank document or with a predesigned template—including a basic, report, letter, résumé, envelope, business card, flyers & posters, cards, miscellaneous, and a newsletter section of templates—that contains placeholder text and images which can be replaced by dragging and dropping photos from the Media Browser. The Media Browser provides quick access to media from iTunes, iMovie, and Photos. Users can drag and drop music, movies, and photos directly into Pages documents from the Media Browser window.Each document window contains a toolbar, which gives one-click access to commonly used functions such as inserting objects (text boxes, shapes, tables, charts, and comments), uploading the document to iWork.com, and adding additional pages. In addition, the document window contains a contextual format bar that allows one-click formatting of text and adjustments to images. When text is selected, the format bar enables users to choose fonts, text size, color, and adjust line spacing and alignment. When an image is selected, the format bar displays tools to adjust opacity, show and hide shadow and reflection effects, and mask the image. A separate Inspector window provides almost all formatting options available for any element in the open document.
Beginning in iWork '08, word processing and page layout are two distinct modes. In word processing mode, Pages supports headers and footers, footnotes, and outline and list creation. Users can collaborate with others on a document. Pages tracks changes by users by displaying each person's edits in different colors. Users can also add comments alongside the document. In page layout mode, users have complete control over the position of objects on the page. Images and text can be placed anywhere on the canvas.Pages used to feature a number of other advanced writing tools. Many of these have been stripped out of the current version. The "Full Screen" mode (introduced in Mac OS X Lion) and supported in Pages 4.1 hid the menubar and toolbars, allowing users to focus on a single document without being distracted by other windows on the screen; however, after Pages 5, full screen mode requires the user to manually hide various panes for focused writing, and the page thumbnails pane does not automatically open when the cursor is moved to the left screen edge. Earlier versions featured mail merge, which automatically populated custom fields with contact data from the Address Book or Numbers apps to create personalized documents. For example, if a user wanted to send one letter to three people, mail merge allowed the user to create a single document with placeholder fields that were populated when printing. The mail merge feature was completely removed in version 5, although it is still doable through AppleScript. Tables and charts pasted from Numbers are automatically updated if the original spreadsheet is changed.
Pages can import some Microsoft Word documents (including Word 2007's Office Open XML format). Pages 4 and earlier could also import AppleWorks word processing documents, and export documents to rich text, but those features were removed until Pages 6.1. Pages 5 can still export to PDF, EPUB, and Microsoft Word DOC formats.Simple and complex mathematical equations can be written for a Pages document with macOS's Grapher, offering similar capabilities to Microsoft Equation Editor (plus 2D and 3D rendering tools only Grapher can use).
As of January 2015, Pages does not support OpenDocument file format. 
The only known software other than Pages which can open its files are Apple's iWork productivity suite through Apple's iCloud, LibreOffice, and Jumpshare. Windows users can view and edit Pages files using iWork for iCloud via a web browser. The iCloud system can also read Microsoft Word files and convert Pages files to Microsoft Word format. Jumpshare can view Pages files.
Other than accessing iCloud through a browser, there is no program that can officially view or edit a Pages file using Windows or Linux. Some content can be retrieved from a document created in Pages '09, because a .pages file is actually a bundle. A user can open a .pages file in an unpackaging program, or by renaming files as .zip files in Windows (XP and onwards), and will find either a .jpg or .pdf preview in its entirety for viewing and printing, although this is only possible if the creator of the .pages files elected to include a preview. The user will also find a .xml file with unformatted text. This process can also be used for users of the 2008 version of Pages to open documents saved in the 2009 version of Pages, which are not backward compatible.
Pages can also export documents into a number of formats; formatting is generally retained during the export process.
List of word processors
Comparison of word processors
Pages – official site
Pages free resources at iWork Community
Screenplay template
John Wesley Mack (January 6, 1937 – June 21, 2018) was an American activist in the civil rights movement. He was the executive director of the National Urban League chapter in Flint, Michigan, from 1964 to 1969. He served as the president of its Los Angeles chapter from 1969 to 2005, and as a member of the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners from 2005 to 2013. He was an advocate for equal opportunities in education, law enforcement and economic empowerment for blacks and other minorities.
Mack was born on January 6, 1937 in Kingstree, South Carolina, to Abram Mack, a Methodist minister, and Ruth Wynita, a school teacher. Mack and his parents then moved to Darlington, South Carolina. He attended North Carolina A&T State University, where he was the president of the NAACP chapter. He graduated with an applied sociology  bachelor's degree in 1959. He subsequently earned a master's degree in social work from Clark Atlanta University, and an honorary doctorate of management degree from the Claremont Graduate University School of Education. Mack was a member of the black Greek-lettered college fraternity Alpha Phi Alpha.
Mack first moved to Oxnard, California, and he worked at the Camarillo State Mental Hospital. From 1964 to 1969, he was the executive director of the Flint Urban League in Flint, Michigan, where he focused on "fair housing and voter registration issues."Mack later returned to California, where he served as the president of the Los Angeles Urban League from 1969 to 2005. He co-founded the Los Angeles Black Leadership Coalition on Education in 1977, and also became vice president of the United Way Corporation of Council Executives. In the aftermath of the 1992 Los Angeles riots, Mack showed President George H.W. Bush around South Los Angeles. At the time, Mack and Mayor Tom Bradley were criticized by young activists for being too removed from the real life experiences of everyday African-Americans; Mack rejected the criticism. Over the next few years, he helped rebuild the area, especially the Crenshaw Boulevard corridor. He became an advocate for neighborliness between blacks and Hispanics in the area. John Mack’s wisdom, integrity, and kindness helped transform Los Angeles. 
Mack was the president of the board of police commissioners of the Los Angeles Police Department from 2005 to 2007, and as a member through 2013. Under his leadership, the commission became the "driving force" behind several LAPD improvements, including video cameras in squad cars to increase accountability among patrol officers, and the department achieving full compliance with the federal consent decree that had been in place since 2001. He subsequently served on the Los Angeles City Planning Commission.In 2018, Mack supported the nomination of Michel Moore as the new Chief of the Los Angeles Police Department. In particular, he stressed Moore's expertise in community policing and his dedication to "eradicat[ing] racism and brutality within the LAPD."
With his wife Harriett Johnson, Mack had three children. She died in 2016.Mack was 81 when he died of cancer on June 21, 2018, at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles.For Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, Mack "made history with a fierce determination to pursue justice, an unshakable commitment to equality, and an unbreakable bond with the community he worked tirelessly to uplift every day of his remarkable life." The Los Angeles Times called him "one of the most powerful voices on Los Angeles police reform."John W. Mack Elementary School, part of the Los Angeles Unified School District since its 2005 inception, is named in his honor.
John Mack at Find a Grave
John W. Mack Elementary School
Ashti (Shahid) is a town and the tehsil headquarters in Arvi subdivision of Wardha district in the Indian state of Maharashtra. Ashti is a historical place famous for the participation in Indian independence movement. People actively took part in Quit India Movement in 1942.
Ashti word is a name of boy which from Arabic language Meaning of Ashti is peace in Arabic language. So the name of Town is Ashti and now days Ashti is called as shahid Ashti due freedom fight in 1942 for Indian independence movement Title "Shahid" is dedicated to freedom fighters
In August 1942 Mr. Gandhi announced to Start Quit India Movement.In response to this pepole from Ashti and it's nearby villages decided to actively took part in the Quit India Movement on date of 16 August 1942 people of Ashti glorifying history of martyrdomIn Mughal era the Ashti was pergana under the guidance of Afghan Nobleman Muhammad Khan Niazi and his sons.His tomb and His son Ahmad Khan Niazi's tomb is present today In Ashti
Dargah of pir Bayazid Bostami(R.A). Dargah is situated on the top of the hill.Every year URS is held on this dargahBritish police station,today Office of H.R.V school Ashti on this spot freedom fighter was death on 16 August 1942.Jama Masjid Pethahmadpur or Maqbara Masjid. It is situated at pethahmadpur Which is an historical mosque built by Ahmad Khan Niazi in 1626 A.D.
Tomb of Muhammad Khan Niazi and His son Ahmad Khan Niazi. Which is built in Mughal style. Muhammad Khan Niazi was an Afghan Nobleman who work as subhedar in Mughal CourtLodhi Masjid is an historical mosque.This mosque is so little and consist six dome. According to Persian inscription on mosque Ibrahim Khan Lodhi built this mosque.Kapileshwar Dham it is an Temple which is located at kapileshwar dam.This Temple is dedicated to Lord Shiva.Shahid Smarak Ashti it is situated at the river Bank of Bakli river.It is Martyrs Memorial which is dedicated to freedom fighter.
Shaheed Dr.Govind Malpe.
Shaheed Nawab Rashid Khan Sadal Khan He was Buried at Jama Masjid pethahmadpur, Ashti complex.Shaheed Keshav Shravanji Dhonge.
Shaheed Harilal Hiralal Marvadi.
Shaheed Udaybhanji Domaji Kubde.
Shaheed Panchi polsu Gond.
Chimur( Historically).
Amner(Historically).
Talegoan Dasshasar(Historically).
Dictionary of Martyrs.Gujrat,Sindh, Maharashtra
Stove Top is a stuffing that was introduced by General Foods in 1972. It is a quick cooking ("instant") stuffing that is available in supermarkets. Unlike traditional stuffing, Stove Top can be prepared on the stove, in a pot, and can also be prepared in a microwave oven. It is used as a side dish for meals as well as a medium in which some meats (pork, chicken) can be baked. It is sold in boxes and canisters. In 2005 it was reported that Kraft Heinz, which has owned the brand since 1995, sells about 60 million boxes of Stove Top stuffing at Thanksgiving.
Ruth Siems was the home economist who first created the product. Her name was the first listed on United States Patent 3,870,803 for the product. Her patent was based on a certain size of bread crumb that makes the rehydration, or addition of water, work. In an interview with the Evansville Courier in 1991, Siems said the idea for the instant stuffing came from the marketing department, but it was up to the research and development staff to create the product. The test kitchens, the chefs, and all the workers in research and development were given an opportunity to develop the stuffing, but Siems' idea was the one the company chose.  The product originated with an idea from Jack Klinge of the marketing department for a stuffing flavored rice and, after that showed promise, into the Siems developed bread crumb based dish we came to know as stove top stuffing.
There are a variety of flavours, including Chicken, Lower Sodium Chicken, Cornbread, Pork, Beef, Savory Herbs, Traditional Sage, Tomato & Onion, San Francisco Sourdough, Mushroom & Onion, Long Grain & Wild Rice and Roasted Garlic, Turkey, Apple and Cranberry.
Official website
An unidentified flying object (UFO) is any aerial phenomenon that cannot immediately be identified or explained. Most UFOs are identified or investigated as conventional objects or phenomena. The term is widely used for claimed observations of extraterrestrial spacecraft, and was coined as an anacronym by Project Blue Book project head Edward J. Ruppelt. Another widely used term for the phenomenon is "flying saucer."
Studies and investigations have been conducted by various governments worldwide, along with private individuals and organizations. In the United States, studies began in the late 1940s and have included Project Grudge, Project Sign and Project Blue Book. The latter was ended in 1969-70 after the Condon Committee officially concluded that the subject failed to merit further study. However, an unpublicized study named the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program was funded by the U.S. government from 2007-2012, and a successor program named the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force is currently operational.
Unidentified lights and flying objects have been reported in the skies for much of human history. Skeptics including various scientists, and organizations such as the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry, state that the entire topic can be explained as conventional objects or phenomena, while Ufologists suggest various unproven theories. Public polling indicates a considerable portion of the U.S. population feels that their government is withholding information on the subject.
The topic of UFOs has been, and is currently, popular in worldwide culture in fictional movies, television and other media. UFO reports are also the subject of continuing debate and news reporting. 
The term "UFO" (or "UFOB") was coined in 1953 by the United States Air Force (USAF) to serve as a catch-all for all such reports. In its initial definition, the USAF stated that a "UFOB" was "any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features, does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be positively identified as a familiar object". Accordingly, the term was initially restricted to that fraction of cases which remained unidentified after investigation, as the USAF was interested in potential national security reasons and "technical aspects" (see Air Force Regulation 200-2).
During the late 1940s and through the 1950s, UFOs were often referred to popularly as "flying saucers" or "flying discs". The term UFO became more widespread during the 1950s, at first in technical literature, but later in popular use. UFOs garnered considerable interest during the Cold War, an era associated with a heightened concerns about national security, and, more recently, in the 2010s, for unexplained reasons. Nevertheless, various studies have concluded that the phenomenon does not represent a threat, and nor does it contain anything worthy of scientific pursuit (e.g., 1951 Flying Saucer Working Party, 1953 CIA Robertson Panel, USAF Project Blue Book, Condon Committee).
The Oxford English Dictionary defines a UFO as "An unidentified flying object; a 'flying saucer'". The first published book to use the word was authored by Donald E. Keyhoe.As an acronym, "UFO" was coined by Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, who headed Project Blue Book, then the USAF's official investigation of UFOs. He wrote, "Obviously the term 'flying saucer' is misleading when applied to objects of every conceivable shape and performance. For this reason the military prefers the more general, if less colorful, name: unidentified flying objects. UFO (pronounced yoo-foe) for short." Other phrases that were used officially and that predate the UFO acronym include "flying flapjack", "flying disc", "unexplained flying discs", and "unidentifiable object".The phrase "flying saucer" gained widespread attention after the Northern Hemisphere summer of 1947. On June 24, a civilian pilot named Kenneth Arnold reported seeing nine objects flying in formation near Mount Rainier in the United States. Arnold timed the sighting and estimated the speed of discs to be over 1,200 mph (1,931 km/h). At the time, he claimed he described the objects flying in a saucer-like fashion, leading to newspaper accounts of "flying saucers" and "flying discs". UFOs were commonly referred to colloquially, as a "Bogey" by Western military personnel and pilots during the cold war. The term "bogey" was originally used to report anomalies in radar blips, to indicate possible hostile forces that might be roaming in the area.In popular usage, the term UFO came to be used to refer to claims of alien spacecraft, and because of the public and media ridicule associated with the topic, some ufologists and investigators prefer to use terms such as "unidentified aerial phenomenon" (UAP) or "anomalous phenomena", as in the title of the National Aviation Reporting Center on Anomalous Phenomena (NARCAP). "Anomalous aerial vehicle" (AAV) or "unidentified aerial system" (UAS) are also sometimes used in a military aviation context to describe unidentified targets.
Studies have established that the majority of UFO observations are misidentified conventional objects or natural phenomena—most commonly aircraft, balloons including sky lanterns, satellites, and astronomical objects such as meteors, bright stars and planets. A small percentage are hoaxes. Fewer than 10% of reported sightings remain unexplained after proper investigation and therefore can be classified as unidentified in the strictest sense. According to Steven Novella, proponents of the extraterrestrial hypothesis (ETH) suggest these unexplained reports are of alien spacecraft, however the null hypothesis cannot be excluded; that these reports are simply other more prosaic phenomena that cannot be identified due to lack of complete information or due to the necessary subjectivity of the reports. Novella says that instead of accepting the null hypothesis, UFO enthusiasts tend to engage in special pleading by offering outlandish, untested explanations for the validity of the ETH, which violate Occam's razor.Ufology is not generally considered credible in mainstream science. There was, in the past, some debate in the scientific community about whether any scientific investigation into UFO sightings is warranted, with the general conclusion that the phenomenon was not worthy of serious investigation except as a cultural artifact. UFOs have been the subject of investigations by various governments who have provided extensive records related to the subject. Many of the most involved government-sponsored investigations ended after agencies concluded that there was no benefit to continued investigation.The void left by the lack of institutional or scientific study has given rise to independent researchers and fringe groups, including the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) in the mid-20th century and, more recently, the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) and the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS). The term "Ufology" is used to describe the collective efforts of those who study reports and associated evidence of unidentified flying objects.UFOs have become a prevalent theme in modern culture, and the social phenomena have been the subject of academic research in sociology and psychology.
Unexplained aerial observations have been reported throughout history. Some were undoubtedly astronomical in nature. These may include comets, bright meteors, one or more of the five planets that can be readily seen with the naked eye, planetary conjunctions, or atmospheric optical phenomena such as parhelia and lenticular clouds. An example is Halley's Comet, which was recorded first by Chinese astronomers in 240 BC and possibly as early as 467 BC. Such sightings throughout history often were treated as supernatural portents, angels, or other religious omens. Some current-day UFO researchers have noticed similarities between some religious symbols in medieval paintings and UFO reports though the canonical and symbolic character of such images is documented by art historians placing more conventional religious interpretations on such images.
Julius Obsequens was a Roman writer who is believed to have lived in the middle of the fourth century AD. The only work associated with his name is the Liber de prodigiis (Book of Prodigies), completely extracted from an epitome, or abridgment, written by Livy; De prodigiis was constructed as an account of the wonders and portents that occurred in Rome between 249 and 12 BCE. An aspect of Obsequens' work that has inspired much interest in some circles is that references are made to things moving through the sky. These have been interpreted as reports of UFOs, but may just as well describe meteors, and, since Obsequens, probably, writes in the 4th century, that is, some 400 years after the events he describes, they hardly qualify as eye-witness accounts.
On April 14, 1561, residents of Nuremberg described the appearance of a large black triangular object. According to witnesses, there were also hundreds of spheres, cylinders and other odd-shaped objects that moved erratically overhead.
The 1566 celestial phenomenon over Basel was a series of mass sightings of celestial phenomena above Basel, Switzerland. Celestial phenomena were said to have "fought" together in the form of numerous red and black balls in the sky. In the 15th and 16th centuries, many leaflets wrote of "miracles" and "sky spectacles".
On January 25, 1878, the Denison Daily News printed an article in which John Martin, a local farmer, had reported seeing a large, dark, circular object resembling a balloon flying "at wonderful speed". Martin, according to the newspaper account, said it appeared to be about the size of a saucer from his perspective, one of the first uses of the word "saucer" in association with a UFO.
In April 1897, thousands of people reported seeing "airships" in various parts of the United States. Many signed affidavits. Scores of people even reported talking to the pilots. Thomas Edison was asked his opinion, and said, "You can take it from me that it is a pure fake."
On February 28, 1904, there was a sighting by three crew members on the USS Supply 300 miles (483 km) west of San Francisco, reported by Lieutenant Frank Schofield, later to become Commander-in-Chief of the Pacific Battle Fleet. Schofield wrote of three bright red meteors—one egg shaped and the other two round—that approached beneath the cloud layer, then "soared" above the clouds, departing after two to three minutes. The largest had an apparent size of about six Suns, he said.
The three earliest known pilot UFO sightings, of 1,305 similar sightings catalogued by NARCAP, took place in 1916 and 1926. On January 31, 1916, a UK pilot near Rochford reported a row of lights, resembling lighted windows on a railway carriage, that rose and disappeared. In January 1926 a pilot reported six "flying manhole covers" between Wichita, Kansas, and Colorado Springs, Colorado. In late September 1926 an airmail pilot over Nevada said he had been forced to land by a huge, wingless, cylindrical object.
On August 5, 1926, while traveling in the Humboldt Mountains of Tibet's Kokonor region, Russian explorer Nicholas Roerich reported that members of his expedition saw "something big and shiny reflecting the sun, like a huge oval moving at great speed. Crossing our camp the thing changed in its direction from south to southwest. And we saw how it disappeared in the intense blue sky. We even had time to take our field glasses and saw quite distinctly an oval form with shiny surface, one side of which was brilliant from the sun." Another description by Roerich was of a "shiny body flying from north to south. Field glasses are at hand. It is a huge body. One side glows in the sun. It is oval in shape. Then it somehow turns in another direction and disappears in the southwest."
In the Pacific and European theatres during World War II, "foo fighters" (metallic spheres, balls of light and other shapes that followed aircraft) were reported and on occasion photographed by Allied and Axis pilots. Some proposed Allied explanations at the time included St. Elmo's fire, the planet Venus, hallucinations from oxygen deprivation, or German secret weapons.
In 1946, more than 2,000 reports were collected, primarily by the Swedish military, of unidentified aerial objects over the Scandinavian nations, along with isolated reports from France, Portugal, Italy and Greece. The objects were referred to as "Russian hail" (and later as "ghost rockets") because it was thought the mysterious objects were possibly Russian tests of captured German V1 or V2 rockets. Although most were thought to be such natural phenomena as meteors, more than 200 were tracked on radar by the Swedish military and deemed to be "real physical objects". In a 1948 top secret document, Swedish authorities advised the USAF Europe that some of their investigators believed these craft to be extraterrestrial in origin.
UFOs have been subject to investigations over the years that varied widely in scope and scientific rigor. Governments or independent academics in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Japan, Peru, France, Belgium, Sweden, Brazil, Chile, Uruguay, Mexico, Spain, and the Soviet Union are known to have investigated UFO reports at various times.
Among the best known government studies are the ghost rockets investigation by the Swedish military (1946–1947), Project Blue Book, previously Project Sign and Project Grudge, conducted by the USAF from 1947 until 1969, the secret U.S. Army/Air Force Project Twinkle investigation into green fireballs (1948–1951), the secret USAF Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14 by the Battelle Memorial Institute, and the Brazilian Air Force's 1977 Operação Prato (Operation Saucer). France has had an ongoing investigation (GEPAN/SEPRA/GEIPAN) within its space agency Centre national d'études spatiales (CNES) since 1977; the government of Uruguay has had a similar investigation since 1989.
Project Sign in 1948 produced a highly classified finding (see Estimate of the Situation) that some UFO reports probably had an extraterrestrial explanation.Project Sign's final report, published in early 1949, stated that while some UFOs appeared to represent actual aircraft, there was not enough data to determine their origin.
Project Sign was dismantled and became Project Grudge at the end of 1948. Angered by the low quality of investigations by Grudge, the Air Force Director of Intelligence reorganized it as Project Blue Book in late 1951, placing Ruppelt in charge. Blue Book closed down in 1970, using the Condon Committee's negative conclusion as a rationale, thus ending official Air Force UFO investigations. However, a 1969 USAF document, known as the Bolender memo, along with later government documents, revealed that non-public U.S. government UFO investigations continued after 1970. The Bolender memo first stated that "reports of unidentified flying objects that could affect national security ... are not part of the Blue Book system," indicating that more serious UFO incidents already were handled outside the public Blue Book investigation. The memo then added, "reports of UFOs which could affect national security would continue to be handled through the standard Air Force procedures designed for this purpose." In addition, in the late 1960s a chapter on UFOs in the Space Sciences course at the U.S. Air Force Academy gave serious consideration to possible extraterrestrial origins. When word of the curriculum became public, the Air Force in 1970 issued a statement to the effect that the book was outdated and cadets instead were being informed of the Condon Report's negative conclusion.
Air Force Regulation 200-2, issued in 1953 and 1954, defined an Unidentified Flying Object ("UFOB") as "any airborne object which by performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features, does not conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or which cannot be positively identified as a familiar object." The regulation also said UFOBs were to be investigated as a "possible threat to the security of the United States" and "to determine technical aspects involved". The regulation went on to say that "it is permissible to inform news media representatives on UFOB's when the object is positively identified as a familiar object," but added: "For those objects which are not explainable, only the fact that ATIC [Air Technical Intelligence Center] will analyze the data is worthy of release, due to many unknowns involved."
J. Allen Hynek, a trained astronomer who served as a scientific advisor for Project Blue Book, was initially skeptical of UFO reports, but eventually came to the conclusion that many of them could not be satisfactorily explained and was highly critical of what he described as "the cavalier disregard by Project Blue Book of the principles of scientific investigation". Leaving government work, he founded the privately funded CUFOS, to whose work he devoted the rest of his life. Other private groups studying the phenomenon include the MUFON, a grassroots organization whose investigator's handbooks go into great detail on the documentation of alleged UFO sightings.
Like Hynek, Jacques Vallée, a scientist and prominent UFO researcher, has pointed to what he believes is the scientific deficiency of most UFO research, including government studies. He complains of the mythology and cultism often associated with the phenomenon but alleges that several hundred professional scientists—a group both he and Hynek have termed "the invisible college"—continue to study UFOs in private.
The study of UFOs has received little support in mainstream scientific literature. Official studies ended in the U.S. in December 1969, following the statement by the government scientist Edward Condon that further study of UFOs could not be justified on grounds of scientific advancement. The Condon Report and its conclusions were endorsed by the National Academy of Scientists, of which Condon was a member. On the other hand, a scientific review by the UFO subcommittee of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) disagreed with Condon's conclusion, noting that at least thirty percent of the cases studied remained unexplained and that scientific benefit might be gained by continued study.
Critics argue that all UFO evidence is anecdotal and can be explained as prosaic natural phenomena. Defenders of UFO research counter that knowledge of observational data, other than what is reported in the popular media, is limited in the scientific community and further study is needed.No official government investigation has ever publicly concluded that UFOs are indisputably real, physical objects, extraterrestrial in origin, or of concern to national defense. These same negative conclusions also have been found in studies that were highly classified for many years, such as the UK's Flying Saucer Working Party, Project Condign, the U.S. CIA-sponsored Robertson Panel, the U.S. military investigation into the green fireballs from 1948 to 1951, and the Battelle Memorial Institute study for the USAF from 1952 to 1955 (Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14).
Some public government reports have acknowledged the possibility of the physical reality of UFOs, but have stopped short of proposing extraterrestrial origins, though not dismissing the possibility entirely. Examples are the Belgian military investigation into large triangles over their airspace in 1989–1991 and the 2009 Uruguayan Air Force study conclusion (see below).
Some private studies have been neutral in their conclusions but argued that the inexplicable core cases call for continued scientific study. Examples are the Sturrock panel study of 1998 and the 1970 AIAA review of the Condon Report.
U.S. investigations into UFOs include:
According to UFO researcher Timothy Good, he received a letter from the Army's director of counter-intelligence confirming the existence of the Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit. Good claims the letter shows that the IPU was established by the U.S. Army sometime in the 1940s and disestablished sometime during the late 1950s.
Project Blue Book, previously Project Sign and Project Grudge, conducted by the USAF from 1947 until 1969
The secret U.S. Army/Air Force Project Twinkle investigation into green fireballs (1948–1951)
Ghost rockets investigations by the Swedish, UK, U.S., and Greek militaries (1946–1947)
The secret CIA Office of Scientific Investigation (OS/I) study (1952–53)
The secret CIA Robertson Panel (1953)
The secret USAF Project Blue Book Special Report No. 14 by the Battelle Memorial Institute (1951–1954)
The Brookings Report (1960), commissioned by NASA
The public Condon Committee (1966–1968)
The private, internal RAND Corporation study (1968)
The private Sturrock panel (1998)
The secret Advanced Aviation Threat Identification Program which was funded from 2007 to 2012.
The Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, a continuing program within the United States Office of Naval Intelligence which was acknowledged in 2017.Thousands of documents released under FOIA also indicate that many U.S. intelligence agencies collected (and still collect) information on UFOs. These agencies include the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), FBI, CIA, National Security Agency (NSA), as well as military intelligence agencies of the Army and U.S. Navy, in addition to the Air Force.The investigation of UFOs has also attracted many civilians, who in the U.S formed research groups such as NICAP (active 1956–1980), Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) (active 1952–1988), MUFON (active 1969–), and CUFOS (active 1973–).
In November 2011, the White House released an official response to two petitions asking the U.S. government to acknowledge formally that aliens have visited this planet and to disclose any intentional withholding of government interactions with extraterrestrial beings. According to the response, "The U.S. government has no evidence that any life exists outside our planet, or that an extraterrestrial presence has contacted or engaged any member of the human race." Also, according to the response, there is "no credible information to suggest that any evidence is being hidden from the public's eye". The response further noted that efforts, like SETI and NASA's Kepler space telescope and Mars Science Laboratory, continue looking for signs of life. The response noted "odds are pretty high" that there may be life on other planets but "the odds of us making contact with any of them—especially any intelligent ones—are extremely small, given the distances involved."
Following the large U.S. surge in sightings in June and early July 1947, on July 9, 1947, United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) intelligence, in cooperation with the FBI, began a formal investigation into selected sightings with characteristics that could not be immediately rationalized, such as Kenneth Arnold's. The USAAF used "all of its top scientists" to determine whether "such a phenomenon could, in fact, occur". The research was "being conducted with the thought that the flying objects might be a celestial phenomenon," or that "they might be a foreign body mechanically devised and controlled." Three weeks later in a preliminary defense estimate, the air force investigation decided that, "This 'flying saucer' situation is not all imaginary or seeing too much in some natural phenomenon. Something is really flying around."A further review by the intelligence and technical divisions of the Air Materiel Command at Wright Field reached the same conclusion. It reported that "the phenomenon is something real and not visionary or fictitious," and there were disc-shaped objects, metallic in appearance, as big as man-made aircraft. They were characterized by "extreme rates of climb [and] maneuverability", general lack of noise, absence of a trail, occasional formation flying, and "evasive" behavior "when sighted or contacted by friendly aircraft and radar", suggesting a controlled craft. It was therefore recommended in late September 1947 that an official Air Force investigation be set up. It was also recommended that other government agencies should assist in the investigation.
This led to the creation of the Air Force's Project Sign at the end of 1947, one of the earliest government studies to come to a secret extraterrestrial conclusion. In August 1948, Sign investigators wrote a top-secret intelligence estimate to that effect, but the Air Force Chief of Staff Hoyt Vandenberg ordered it destroyed. The existence of this suppressed report was revealed by several insiders who had read it, such as astronomer and USAF consultant J. Allen Hynek and Capt. Edward J. Ruppelt, the first head of the USAF's Project Blue Book.Another highly classified U.S. study was conducted by the CIA's Office of Scientific Investigation (OS/I) in the latter half of 1952 in response to orders from the National Security Council (NSC). This study concluded UFOs were real physical objects of potential threat to national security. One OS/I memo to the CIA Director (DCI) in December read:
the reports of incidents convince us that there is something going on that must have immediate attention ... Sightings of unexplained objects at great altitudes and traveling at high speeds in the vicinity of major U.S. defense installations are of such a nature that they are not attributable to natural phenomena or any known types of aerial vehicles.
The matter was considered so urgent that OS/I drafted a memorandum from the DCI to the NSC proposing that the NSC establish an investigation of UFOs as a priority project throughout the intelligence and the defense research and development community. It also urged the DCI to establish an external research project of top-level scientists, now known as the Robertson Panel to analyze the problem of UFOs. The OS/I investigation was called off after the Robertson Panel's negative conclusions in January 1953.
A public research effort conducted by the Condon Committee for the USAF and published as the Condon Report arrived at a negative conclusion in 1968. Controversy surrounded the report, both before and after its release. It has been observed that the report was "harshly criticized by numerous scientists, particularly at the powerful AIAA ... [which] recommended moderate, but continuous scientific work on UFOs." In an address to the AAAS, James E. McDonald said he believed science had failed to mount adequate studies of the problem and criticized the Condon Report and earlier studies by the USAF as scientifically deficient. He also questioned the basis for Condon's conclusions and argued that the reports of UFOs have been "laughed out of scientific court". J. Allen Hynek, an astronomer who worked as a USAF consultant from 1948, sharply criticized the Condon Committee Report and later wrote two nontechnical books that set forth the case for continuing to investigate UFO reports.
Ruppelt recounted his experiences with Project Blue Book, a USAF investigation that preceded Condon's.
The Roswell UFO incident (1947) involved New Mexico civilians, local law enforcement officers, and the U.S. military, the latter of whom allegedly collected physical evidence from the UFO crash site.
The Mantell UFO incident January 7, 1948
The Betty and Barney Hill abduction (1961) was the first reported abduction incident.
In the Kecksburg UFO incident, Pennsylvania (1965), residents reported seeing a bell-shaped object crash in the area. Police officers, and possibly military personnel, were sent to investigate.
The Travis Walton abduction case (1975): The movie Fire in the Sky (1993) was based on this event, but greatly embellished the original account.
The "Phoenix Lights" March 13, 1997
2006 O'Hare International Airport UFO sighting
The 2004 USS Nimitz UFO incident and 2014 USS Theodore Roosevelt UFO incidents
On October 31, 2008, the National Archives of Brazil began receiving from the Aeronautical Documentation and History Center part of the documentation of the Brazilian Air Force regarding the investigation of the appearance of UFOs in Brazil. Currently, this collection gathers cases between 1952 and 2016.
In Canada, the Department of National Defence has dealt with reports, sightings and investigations of UFOs across Canada. In addition to conducting investigations into crop circles in Duhamel, Alberta, it still considers "unsolved" the Falcon Lake incident in Manitoba and the Shag Harbour UFO incident in Nova Scotia.Early Canadian studies included Project Magnet (1950–1954) and Project Second Storey (1952–1954), supported by the Defence Research Board.
On March 2007, the French space agency CNES published an archive of UFO sightings and other phenomena online.French studies include GEPAN/SEPRA/GEIPAN (1977–), within CNES (French space agency), the longest ongoing government-sponsored investigation. About 22% of the 6,000 cases studied remain unexplained. The official opinion of GEPAN/SEPRA/GEIPAN has been neutral, stating on their FAQ page that their mission is fact-finding for the scientific community, not rendering an opinion. They add they can neither prove nor disprove the Extraterrestrial Hypothesis (ETH), but their Steering Committee's clear position is that they cannot discard the possibility that some fraction of the very strange 22% of unexplained cases might be due to distant and advanced civilizations. Possibly their bias may be indicated by their use of the terms "PAN" (French) or "UAP" (English equivalent) for "Unidentified Aerospace Phenomenon" (whereas "UAP" is normally used by English organizations stands for "Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon", a more neutral term). In addition, the three heads of the studies have gone on record in stating that UFOs were real physical flying machines beyond our knowledge or that the best explanation for the most inexplicable cases was an extraterrestrial one.In 2008, Michel Scheller, president of the Association Aéronautique et Astronautique de France (3AF), created the Sigma Commission. Its purpose was to investigate UFO phenomenon worldwide. A progress report published in May 2010 stated that the central hypothesis proposed by the COMETA report is perfectly credible. In December 2012, the final report of the Sigma Commission was submitted to Scheller. Following the submission of the final report, the Sigma2 Commission is to be formed with a mandate to continue the scientific investigation of UFO phenomenon.The most notable cases of UFO sightings in France include the Valensole UFO incident in 1965 and the Trans-en-Provence Case in 1981.
According to some Italian ufologists, the first documented case of a UFO sighting in Italy dates back to April 11, 1933, to Varese. Documents of the time show that an alleged UFO crashed or landed near Vergiate. Following this, Benito Mussolini created a secret group to look at it, called Cabinet RS/33.Alleged UFO sightings gradually increased since the war, peaking in 1978 and 2005. The total number of sightings since 1947 are 18,500, of which 90% are identifiable.In 2000, Italian ufologist Roberto Pinotti published material regarding the so-called "Fascist UFO Files", which dealt with an alleged flying saucer that was supposed to have crashed near Milan in 1933 (some 14 years before the Roswell, New Mexico, crash), and of the subsequent investigation by a never mentioned before Cabinet RS/33, that allegedly was authorized by Benito Mussolini, and headed by the Nobel scientist Guglielmo Marconi. A spaceship was allegedly stored in the hangars of the SIAI Marchetti in Vergiate near Milan.
A UFO sighting in Florence, October 28, 1954, followed by a fall of angel hair.
In 1973, an Alitalia airplane left Rome for Naples sighted a mysterious round object. Two Italian Air Force planes from Ciampino confirmed the sighting. In the same year there was another sighting at Caselle airport near Turin.
In 1978, two young hikers, while walking on Monte Musinè near Turin, saw a bright light; one of them temporarily disappeared and, after a while, was found in a state of shock and with a noticeable scald on one leg. After regaining consciousness, he reported having seen an elongated vehicle and that some strangely shaped beings descended from it. Both the young hikers suffered from conjunctivitis for some time.
A close encounter reported in September 1978 in Torrita di Siena in the Province of Siena. A young motorist saw in front of him a bright object, two beings of small stature who wore suits and helmets, the two approached the car, and after watching it carefully went back and rose again to the UFO. A boy who lived with his family in a country house not far from there said he had seen at the same time "a kind of small reddish sun".
Yet in 1978, there has been also the story of Pier Fortunato Zanfretta, the best known and most controversial case of an Italian alleged alien abduction. Zanfretta said (also with truth serum injected) to have been kidnapped by reptilian-like creatures on the night of 6 December and 7 December while he was performing his job at Marzano, in the municipality of Torriglia in the Province of Genoa; 52 testimonies of the case from other people were collected.In 2021, a woman from Capolona, a small town in the province of Arezzo, claims to have seen in the sky a "strange light object", on the night of January 25. The moment was recorded in video with her phone. The Italian Alien Research Association (Aria) is investigating the case.
The UK's Flying Saucer Working Party published its final report in June 1951, which remained secret for over fifty years. The Working Party concluded that all UFO sightings could be explained as misidentifications of ordinary objects or phenomena, optical illusions, psychological misperceptions/aberrations, or hoaxes. The report stated: "We accordingly recommend very strongly that no further investigation of reported mysterious aerial phenomena be undertaken, unless and until some material evidence becomes available."Eight file collections on UFO sightings, dating from 1978 to 1987, were first released on May 14, 2008, to The National Archives by the Ministry of Defence (MoD). Although kept secret from the public for many years, most of the files have low levels of classification and none are classified Top Secret. 200 files are set to be made public by 2012. The files are correspondence from the public sent to the British government and officials, such as the MoD and Margaret Thatcher. The MoD released the files under the Freedom of Information Act due to requests from researchers. These files include, but are not limited to, UFOs over Liverpool and Waterloo Bridge in London.On October 20, 2008, more UFO files were released. One case released detailed that in 1991 an Alitalia passenger aircraft was approaching London Heathrow Airport when the pilots saw what they described as a "cruise missile" fly extremely close to the cockpit. The pilots believed a collision was imminent. UFO expert David Clarke says this is one of the most convincing cases for a UFO he has come across.A secret study of UFOs was undertaken for the Ministry of Defence between 1996 and 2000 and was code-named Project Condign. The resulting report, titled "Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in the UK Defence Region", was publicly released in 2006, but the identity and credentials of whomever constituted Project Condign remains classified. The report confirmed earlier findings that the main causes of UFO sightings are misidentification of man-made and natural objects. The report noted: "No artefacts of unknown or unexplained origin have been reported or handed to the UK authorities, despite thousands of Unidentified Aerial Phenomena reports. There are no SIGINT, ELINT or radiation measurements and little useful video or still IMINT." It concluded: "There is no evidence that any UAP, seen in the UKADR [UK Air Defence Region], are incursions by air-objects of any intelligent (extraterrestrial or foreign) origin, or that they represent any hostile intent." A little-discussed conclusion of the report was that novel meteorological plasma phenomenon akin to ball lightning are responsible for "the majority, if not all" of otherwise inexplicable sightings, especially reports of black triangle UFOs.On December 1, 2009, the Ministry of Defence quietly closed down its UFO investigations unit. The unit's hotline and email address were suspended by the MoD on that date. The MoD said there was no value in continuing to receive and investigate sightings in a release, stating
in over fifty years, no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom. The MoD has no specific capability for identifying the nature of such sightings. There is no Defence benefit in such investigation and it would be an inappropriate use of defence resources. Furthermore, responding to reported UFO sightings diverts MoD resources from tasks that are relevant to Defence."
The Guardian reported that the MoD claimed the closure would save the Ministry around £50,000 a year. The MoD said it would continue to release UFO files to the public through The National Archives.
According to records released on August 5, 2010, British wartime prime minister Winston Churchill banned the reporting for 50 years of an alleged UFO incident because of fears it could create mass panic. Reports given to Churchill asserted that the incident involved a Royal Air Force (RAF) reconnaissance aircraft returning from a mission in France or Germany toward the end of World War II. It was over or near the English coastline when it was allegedly intercepted by a strange metallic object which matched the aircraft's course and speed for a time before accelerating away and disappearing. The aircraft's crew were reported to have photographed the object, which they said had "hovered noiselessly" near the aircraft, before moving off. According to the documents, details of the coverup emerged when a man wrote to the government in 1999 seeking to find out more about the incident and described how his grandfather, who had served with the RAF in the war, was present when Churchill and U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower discussed how to deal with the UFO encounter. The files come from more than 5,000 pages of UFO reports, letters and drawings from members of the public, as well as questions raised in Parliament. They are available to download from The National Archives website.In the April 1957 West Freugh incident in Scotland, named after the principal military base involved, two unidentified objects flying high over the UK were tracked by radar operators. The objects were reported to operate at speeds and perform maneuvers beyond the capability of any known craft. Also significant is their alleged size, which—based on the radar returns—was closer to that of a ship than an aircraft.
In the Rendlesham Forest incident of December 1980, U.S. military personnel witnessed UFOs near the air base at Woodbridge, Suffolk, over a period of three nights. On one night the deputy base commander, Colonel Charles I. Halt, and other personnel followed one or more UFOs that were moving in and above the forest for several hours. Col. Halt made an audio recording while this was happening and subsequently wrote an official memorandum summarizing the incident. After retirement from the military, he said he had deliberately downplayed the event (officially termed 'Unexplained Lights') to avoid damaging his career. Other base personnel are said to have observed one of the UFOs, which had landed in the forest, and even gone up to and touched it.
The Uruguayan Air Force has conducted UFO investigations since 1989 and reportedly analyzed 2,100 cases of which they regard approximately 2% as lacking explanation.
The USAF's Project Blue Book files indicate that approximately 1% of all unknown reports came from amateur and professional astronomers or other telescope users (such as missile trackers or surveyors). In 1952, astronomer J. Allen Hynek, then a consultant to Blue Book, conducted a small survey of 45 fellow professional astronomers. Five reported UFO sightings (about 11%). In the 1970s, astrophysicist Peter A. Sturrock conducted two large surveys of the AIAA and American Astronomical Society (AAS). About 5% of the members polled indicated that they had had UFO sightings.
Astronomer Clyde Tombaugh, who admitted to six UFO sightings, including three green fireballs, supported the Extraterrestrial hypothesis for UFOs and stated he thought scientists who dismissed it without study were being "unscientific". Another astronomer was Lincoln LaPaz, who had headed the Air Force's investigation into the green fireballs and other UFO phenomena in New Mexico. LaPaz reported two personal sightings, one of a green fireball, the other of an anomalous disc-like object. (Both Tombaugh and LaPaz were part of Hynek's 1952 survey.) Hynek himself took two photos through the window of a commercial airliner of a disc-like object that seemed to pace his aircraft.Retired professor of astronomy Andrew Fraknoi criticized the hypothesis that UFOs are extraterrestrial spacecraft, and responded to the "onslaught of credulous coverage" in books, films and entertainment by teaching his students to apply critical thinking to such claims, advising them that "being a good scientist is not unlike being a good detective". According to Fraknoi, UFO reports "might at first seem mysterious", but "the more you investigate, the more likely you are to find that there is LESS to these stories than meets the eye".In 1980, a survey of 1800 members of various amateur astronomer associations by Gert Helb and Hynek for CUFOS found that 24% responded "yes" to the question "Have you ever observed an object which resisted your most exhaustive efforts at identification?"
Studies show that after careful investigation, the majority of UFOs can be identified as ordinary objects or phenomena. The most commonly found identified sources of UFO reports are:
Astronomical objects (bright stars, planets, meteors, re-entering man-made spacecraft, artificial satellites, and the Moon)
Aircraft (aerial advertising and other aircraft, missile launches)
Balloons (toy balloons, weather balloons, large research balloons)
Other atmospheric objects and phenomena (birds, unusual clouds, kites, flares)
Light phenomena mirages, Fata Morgana, ball lightning, moon dogs, searchlights and other ground lights, etc.
HoaxesA 1952–1955 study by the Battelle Memorial Institute for the USAF included these categories as well as a "psychological" one.
An individual 1979 study by CUFOS researcher Allan Hendry found, as did other investigations, that less than one percent of cases he investigated were hoaxes and most sightings were actually honest misidentifications of prosaic phenomena. Hendry attributed most of these to inexperience or misperception.
Since 2001 there have been calls for greater openness on the part of the government by various persons. In May 2001, a press conference was held at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., by an organization called the Disclosure Project, featuring twenty persons including retired Air Force and FAA personnel, intelligence officers and an air traffic controller. They all gave a brief account of what they knew or had witnessed, and said they would be willing to testify under oath to a Congressional committee. According to a 2002 report in the Oregon Daily Emerald, Disclosure Project founder Steven M. Greer has gathered 120 hours of testimony from various government officials on the topic of UFOs, including astronaut Gordon Cooper and a Brigadier General.In 2007, former Arizona governor Fife Symington came forward and belatedly claimed he had seen "a massive, delta-shaped craft silently navigate over Squaw Peak, a mountain range in Phoenix, Arizona" in 1997.On September 27, 2010, a group of six former USAF officers and one former enlisted Air Force man held a press conference at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., on the theme "U.S. Nuclear Weapons Have Been Compromised by Unidentified Aerial Objects." They told how they had witnessed UFOs hovering near missile sites and even disarming the missiles.
From April 29 to May 3, 2013, the Paradigm Research Group held the "Citizen Hearing on Disclosure" at the National Press Club. The group paid former U.S. Senator Mike Gravel and former Representatives Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick, Roscoe Bartlett, Merrill Cook, Darlene Hooley, and Lynn Woolsey $20,000 each to hear testimony from a panel of researchers which included witnesses from military, agency, and political backgrounds.Apollo 14 astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell claimed he knew of senior government employees who had been involved in "close encounters", and because of this, he has no doubt that aliens have visited Earth.In May 2019, The New York Times reported that American Navy fighter jets had several encounters with unexplained objects while conducting exercises off the eastern seaboard of the United States from the summer of 2014 to March 2015. The Times published a cockpit instrument video of an object moving at high speed near the ocean surface as it appeared to rotate. Pilots observed that the objects were capable of high acceleration, deceleration and maneuverability. In two separate incidents, a pilot reported his cockpit instruments locked onto and tracked objects but he was unable to see them through his helmet camera. In another encounter, an object described as a sphere encasing a cube passed between two jets as they flew about 100 feet apart. 
The Pentagon officially released these videos on April 27, 2020. The United States Navy has said there have been "a number of reports of unauthorized and/or unidentified aircraft entering various military-controlled ranges and designated air space in recent years".In March 2021, news media announced a comprehensive report is to be compiled of UFO events accumulated by the United States over the years.On April 12, 2021 the Pentagon confirmed the authenticity of pictures and videos gathered by the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, purportedly showing "pyramid shaped objects" hovering above the USS Russell in 2019, off the coast of California, with spokeswoman Susan Gough saying “I can confirm that the referenced photos and videos were taken by Navy personnel. The UAPTF has included these incidents in their ongoing examinations." In May 2021, military pilots recalled their related encounters, along with camera and radar support, including one pilot's account noting that such incidents occurred "every day for at least a couple of years", according to an interview broadcast on the news program, 60 Minutes (16 May 2021). Science writer and skeptic Mick West suggested the image was the result of an optical effect called a bokeh which can make out of focus light sources appear triangular or pyramidal due to the shape of the aperture of some lenses.
While technically a UFO refers to any unidentified flying object, in modern popular culture the term UFO has generally become synonymous with alien spacecraft; however, the term ETV (ExtraTerrestrial Vehicle) is sometimes used to separate this explanation of UFOs from totally earthbound explanations.
Besides anecdotal visual sightings, reports sometimes include claims of other kinds of evidence, including cases studied by the military and various government agencies of different countries (such as Project Blue Book, the Condon Committee, the French GEPAN/SEPRA, and Uruguay's current Air Force study).
A comprehensive scientific review of cases where physical evidence was available was carried out by the 1998 Sturrock panel, with specific examples of many of the categories listed below.
Radar contact and tracking, sometimes from multiple sites. These have included military personnel and control tower operators, simultaneous visual sightings, and aircraft intercepts. One such example was the mass sightings of large, silent, low-flying black triangles in 1989 and 1990 over Belgium, tracked by NATO radar and jet interceptors, and investigated by Belgium's military (included photographic evidence). Another famous case from 1986 was the Japan Air Lines flight 1628 incident over Alaska investigated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).
Photographic evidence, including still photos, movie film, and video.
Claims of physical trace of landing UFOs, including ground impressions, burned or desiccated soil, burned and broken foliage, magnetic anomalies, increased radiation levels, and metallic traces. (See, e. g. Height 611 UFO incident or the 1964 Lonnie Zamora's Socorro, New Mexico encounter of the USAF Project Blue Book cases.) A well-known example from December 1980 was the USAF Rendlesham Forest incident in England. Another occurred in January 1981 in Trans-en-Provence and was investigated by GEPAN, then France's official government UFO-investigation agency. Project Blue Book head Edward J. Ruppelt described a classic 1952 CE2 case involving a patch of charred grass roots.
Physiological effects on people and animals including temporary paralysis, skin burns and rashes, corneal burns, and symptoms superficially resembling radiation poisoning, such as the Cash-Landrum incident in 1980.
Animal/cattle mutilation cases, which some feel are also part of the UFO phenomenon.
Biological effects on plants such as increased or decreased growth, germination effects on seeds, and blown-out stem nodes (usually associated with physical trace cases or crop circles)
Electromagnetic interference (EM) effects. A famous 1976 military case over Tehran, recorded in CIA and DIA classified documents, was associated with communication losses in multiple aircraft and weapons system failure in an F-4 Phantom II jet interceptor as it was about to fire a missile on one of the UFOs.
Apparent remote radiation detection, some noted in FBI and CIA documents occurring over government nuclear installations at Los Alamos National Laboratory and Oak Ridge National Laboratory in 1950, also reported by Project Blue Book director Edward J. Ruppelt in his book.
Claimed artifacts of UFOs themselves, such as 1957, Ubatuba, Brazil, magnesium fragments analyzed by the Brazilian government and in the Condon Report and by others. The 1964 Lonnie Zamora incident also left metal traces, analyzed by NASA. A more recent example involves a teardrop-shaped object recovered by Bob White and was featured in a television episode of UFO Hunters but was later found to be waste metal residue from a milling machine.
Angel hair and angel grass, possibly explained in some cases as nests from ballooning spiders or chaff.
Ufology is a neologism describing the collective efforts of those who study UFO reports and associated evidence.
Some ufologists recommend that observations be classified according to the features of the phenomenon or object that are reported or recorded. Typical categories include:
Saucer, toy-top, or disk-shaped "craft" without visible or audible propulsion.
Large triangular "craft" or triangular light pattern, usually reported at night.
Cigar-shaped "craft" with lighted windows (meteor fireballs are sometimes reported this way, but are very different phenomena).
Other: chevrons, (equilateral) triangles, crescent, boomerangs, spheres (usually reported to be shining, glowing at night), domes, diamonds, shapeless black masses, eggs, pyramids and cylinders, classic "lights".Popular UFO classification systems include the Hynek system, created by J. Allen Hynek, and the Vallée system, created by Jacques Vallée.Hynek's system involves dividing the sighted object by appearance, subdivided further into the type of "close encounter" (a term from which the film director Steven Spielberg derived the title of his 1977 UFO movie, Close Encounters of the Third Kind).
Jacques Vallée's system classifies UFOs into five broad types, each with from three to five subtypes that vary according to type.
A scientifically skeptical group that has for many years offered critical analyses of UFO claims is the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (CSI).
One example is the response to local beliefs that "extraterrestrial beings" in UFOs were responsible for crop circles appearing in Indonesia, which the government and the National Institute of Aeronautics and Space (LAPAN) described as "man-made". Thomas Djamaluddin, research professor of astronomy and astrophysics at LAPAN stated: "We have come to agree that this 'thing' cannot be scientifically proven. Scientists have put UFOs in the category of pseudoscience."
UFOs are sometimes an element of conspiracy theories in which governments are allegedly intentionally "covering up" the existence of aliens by removing physical evidence of their presence or even collaborating with extraterrestrial beings. There are many versions of this story; some are exclusive, while others overlap with various other conspiracy theories.
In the U.S., an opinion poll conducted in 1997 suggested that 80% of Americans believed the U.S. government was withholding such information. Various notables have also expressed such views. Some examples are astronauts Gordon Cooper and Edgar Mitchell, Senator Barry Goldwater, Vice Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter (the first CIA director), Lord Hill-Norton (former British Chief of Defense Staff and NATO head), the 1999 French COMETA study by various French generals and aerospace experts, and Yves Sillard (former director of CNES, new director of French UFO research organization GEIPAN).It has also been suggested by a few paranormal authors that all or most human technology and culture is based on extraterrestrial contact (see also ancient astronauts).
The Maury Island incident
George Adamski, over the space of two decades, made various claims about his meetings with telepathic aliens from nearby planets. He claimed photographs of the far side of the Moon taken by the Soviet lunar probe Luna 3 in 1959 were fake, and that there were cities, trees and snow-capped mountains on the far side of the Moon. Among copycats was a shadowy British figure named Cedric Allingham.
Ed Walters, a building contractor, in 1987 allegedly perpetrated a hoax in Gulf Breeze, Florida. Walters claimed at first having seen a small UFO flying near his home and took some photographs of the craft. Walters reported and documented a series of UFO sightings over a period of three weeks and took several photographs. These sightings became famous, and are collectively referred to as the Gulf Breeze UFO incident. Three years later, in 1990, after the Walters family had moved, the new residents discovered a model of a UFO poorly hidden in the attic that bore an undeniable resemblance to the craft in Walters' photographs. Most investigators, like the forensic photo expert William G. Hyzer, now consider the sightings to be a hoax.
UFOs have constituted a widespread international cultural phenomenon since the 1950s. Gallup Polls rank UFOs near the top of lists for subjects of widespread recognition. In 1973, a survey found that 95 percent of the public reported having heard of UFOs, whereas only 92 percent had heard of U.S. President Gerald Ford in a 1977 poll taken just nine months after he left the White House. A 1996 Gallup Poll reported that 71 percent of the United States population believed the U.S. government was covering up information regarding UFOs. A 2002 Roper Poll for the Sci-Fi Channel found similar results, but with more people believing UFOs are extraterrestrial craft. In that latest poll, 56 percent thought UFOs were real craft and 48 percent that aliens had visited the Earth. Again, about 70 percent felt the government was not sharing everything it knew about UFOs or extraterrestrial life.Another effect of the flying saucer type of UFO sightings has been Earth-made flying saucer craft in space fiction, for example the United Planets Cruiser C57D in Forbidden Planet (1956), the Jupiter 2 in Lost in Space, and the saucer section of the USS Enterprise in Star Trek.
UFOs and extraterrestrials have been featured in many movies.
Kenneth Arnold UFO sighting
Kosmopoisk
List of reported UFO sightings
Majestic 12
Mystery airship
Psychosocial hypothesis
UFO religion
Ufology
Unidentified submerged object or USO
"Government Reports on UFOs" from the Government Information Library at the University of Colorado Boulder
"CIA's Role in the Study of UFOs, 1947–90" by Gerald K. Haines, Central Intelligence Agency
"UFOs: Fact or Fiction?" Declassified CIA documents from the 1940s through the early 1990s.
"UFO Reports in the UK" from 1997 to 2009 by the Ministry of Defence
"Newly released UFO files from the UK government" at The National Archives
"Canada's UFOs: The Search for the Unknown", a virtual museum exhibition by the Library and Archives Canada
Declassified files on UFOs from many countries
Declassified video—Chilean UAP event of November 11, 2014 (official; video (9:59))
An astrophysicist's view of UFOs (Adam Frank; NYT; 30 May 2021)
A list of skeptical resources (astronomer Andrew Fraknoi)
UFO Explanations (videos; scientist Mick West)
Higganum is a village and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Haddam, a part of Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 1,671 at the 2000 census.
Higganum is derived from an Indian name meaning "at the tomahawk rock."At about 1800, Higganum Center was the area of most economic activity in the town. The neighborhood had abundant water power, and Higganum Landing on the Connecticut River formed a natural cove that served as a river port and shipbuilding center from the late 1700s through the mid-1800s. Higganum Landing Historic District has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2018. Higganum now encompasses the town's traditional center and remains the shopping and civic center for Haddam. It has a center green with a veterans' memorial, Shad museum, a youth center and a gazebo. The center has a "feed store", one bank, a post office, two liquor stores, a barbershop, dry cleaners, restaurants, Dunkin' Donuts, and an ice cream shop.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 13.2 km2 (5.1 mi2).  12.6 km2 (4.9 mi2) of it is land and 0.6 km2 (0.2 mi2) of it (4.32%) is water.
The name originated  from the language of the  Higganumpus Indians which means Great Bend in River.
Higganum lies on the banks of the Connecticut River and is found immediately south of Middletown. Geographical landmarks include Candlewood Hill, Candlewood Brook, Seven Falls and Bible Rock.
Scovil Hoe Company, which made hoes that helped till soil for crops that included cotton and tobacco, once had a major factory based in Higganum.
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,671 people, 673 households, and 495 families living in the CDP.  The population density was 132.5/km2 (343.4/mi2).  There were 698 housing units at an average density of 55.3/km2 (143.4/mi2).  The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.19% White, 1.08% African American, 0.12% Native American, 0.66% Asian, 0.12% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.96% of the population.
There were 673 households, out of which 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.4% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.4% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.89.
In the CDP the population was spread out, with 22.4% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 31.1% from 25 to 44, 28.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.4% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.3 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $60,405, and the median income for a family was $80,998. Males had a median income of $48,125 versus $36,131 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $31,238.  About 1.5% of families and 3.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.
Higganum is home to Haddam Killingworth High School (HKHS) and Burr District Elementary (BDES).
Graham Lloyd Stokoe (born 17 December 1975) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Hartlepool United and Stoke City.
Stokoe was born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and began his career with Newcastle United before joining Stoke City in 1995. He struggled to settle in the area and moved back up north to Hartlepool United where he played eight matches in 1995–96. He made two substitute appearances for Stoke in 1996–97 both away at Portsmouth and then Huddersfield Town. He left in 1998 and made a return to Hartlepool United playing 23 matches for Mick Tait's side in 1998–99. He later played for non-league Blyth Spartans.
Source:
Rhaphiomidas acton is a species of mydas flies (insects in the family Mydidae).
The Kosovo women's national under-19 football team (Albanian: Kombëtarja e Femrave nën 19 vjeç) is the national under-19 women's football team of Kosovo and is controlled by the Football Federation of Kosovo.
On 6 February 2013, FIFA gave the permission to play international friendly games against other member associations. Whereas, on 13 January 2014, there was a change of this permit that forbade Kosovo to play against the national teams of the countries of the former Yugoslavia. Club teams were also allowed to play friendlies and this happened after a FIFA Emergency Committee meeting. However, it was stipulated that clubs and representative teams of the Football Federation of Kosovo may not display national symbols as flags, emblems, etc. or play national anthems. The go-ahead was given after meetings between the Football Association of Serbia and Sepp Blatter.
In September 2015 at an UEFA Executive Committee meeting in Malta was approved the request from the federation to the admission in UEFA to the next Ordinary Congress to be held in Budapest. On 3 May 2016, at the Ordinary Congress. Kosovo were accepted into UEFA after members voted 28–24 in favor of Kosovo. Ten days later, Kosovo was accepted in FIFA during their 66th congress in Mexico with 141 votes in favour and 23 against.
The following players have been called up for the 2019 UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship qualifications.All caps and goals as of 8 October 2018 after match against  Estonia, only competitive matches are included.
Players in bold are call up or have played at least one full international match with national A team.
Men'sNational team
Under-21
Under-19
Under-17
FutsalWomen'sNational team
Official website (in Albanian and English)
Kosovo (women's under-19) News about Women's U19 team
The Zentralverband der deutschen Konsumgenossenschaften, or ZDK (English: The Central Association of the German Consumer Cooperatives) is for over one hundred years the syndicate of the Consumer Co-operatives in Germany. Today the federation, which stands in the Lassalle tradition of Cooperative continues to develop the cooperative thought, by promoting the reestablishment of cooperatives in the service sector.
Deutscher Genossenschafts-und Raiffeisenverband
Zentralverband deutscher Konsumgenossenschaften e.V
Venus Flytrap (also known as Body of the Prey and The Revenge of Doctor X) is a 1970 American science fiction horror film shot partly in Japan. It was distributed by the Toei Company of Japan. The plot features a mad scientist who uses lightning to turn carnivorous plants into sentient man-eating creatures.
Based on a 1950s screenplay by an uncredited Ed Wood, the film is directed and produced by pulp writer Norman Earl Thomson. Credit is often incorrectly given to the editor Kenneth G. Crane, who directed the 1959 Japanese horror film The Manster. The American video release print additionally erroneously features the credits for a 1969 Philippines production, The Mad Doctor of Blood Island.
Dr. Bragan (James Craig) is a workaholic rocket scientist at NASA working on a mission to outer space. The stress of the mission causes him to have a mental breakdown, so his assistant, Dr. Paul Nakamura (Yagi), suggests he takes a vacation in Japan at his abandoned luxury resort to recuperate. Dr. Bragan accepts his offer and flies to Japan.
In Japan, Dr. Bragan stays at the defunct hotel of Nakamura with Dr. Noriko Hanamura (Kami), the lovely daughter of his coworker who takes on the role of his assistant. Bragan begins a bizarre experiment in botany in the hotel's secluded greenhouse to prove his theory that humans evolved from plants. With a potted Venus flytrap he brought from America, the scientist grafts it to a Japanese carnivorous oceanic plant to create a hybrid creature that becomes humanoid and requires the blood of mammals to flourish. But Bragan is just as obsessive and moody as he was in America, and his behavior causes Noroko to suspect he is going mad, especially when he secretly takes a victim's "heart blood" to feed it. When his creation, "Sectovorus" uproots and begins moving around on its own, it becomes dangerous and it's not long before the creature begins seeking human victims from a nearby village. The villagers riot and Dr. Bragan must decide between protecting his creation or killing it in order to save mankind. He opts to lure it into a nearby volcano.
James Craig as Dr. Bragan
Tota Kondo as Customs officer
Lawrence O'Neill as American at airport
Al Ricketts as Gas station owner
Atsuko Rome as Noriko Hanamura (billed as Ako Kami)
Edward M. Shannon as Dr. Shannon
John Stanley as Dr. Stanley
James Yagi as Dr. Paul Nakamura
The syndicated series Cinema Insomnia mocked the film on Halloween 2011.It also received treatment by Michael J. Nelson, Kevin Murphy and Bill Corbett for RiffTrax.
List of American films of 1970
Ed Wood filmography
Venus Flytrap at IMDb
The 2015 NRL Auckland Nines (known as the Dick Smith NRL Auckland Nines due to sponsorship) was the second NRL Auckland Nines tournament, contested between all sixteen teams of the National Rugby League. The draw was released on 16 September 2014. It was a two-day, nine-a-side, knockout tournament held at Eden Park in Auckland, New Zealand. All sixteen NRL clubs and 288 players competed over the one weekend (31 January – 1 February) with AUD$2.4 million prize money split between the teams. In 2015, the pool names were chosen by a public vote. The pool names were: Rangitoto, Waiheke, Piha and Hunua Ranges. The event included two international women's teams, the Kiwi Ferns and the Jillaroos, who competed in a three-game series with the Kiwi Ferns winning 2-1.
Official website
Rita Rätsepp (born 17 July 1962) is an Estonian actress and psychologist whose career began in the mid-1980s. She has performed on onstage, in television and in motion pictures.
Rita Rätsepp was born in rural Lääne-Viru County to Richard Rätsepp, a forester, and Aino Amanda Rätsepp (née Kull) and spent most of her childhood in the small village of Tammiku. She attended secondary schools in Rakke and Võhma. Afterward, she studied at the Tallinn State Conservatory (now, the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre) under the instruction of Mikk Mikiver, graduating in 1984.  Among her graduating classmates were Terje Pennie, Margus Tabor, Kiiri Tamm, Gita Kalvet-Ränk, Toomas Urb, and Peeter Sauter.  In 2008, she received her master's degree in social sciences in the field of psychology from University Nord in Tallinn.
After graduation from the Tallinn State Conservatory, Rätsepp performed as a stage actress at the Estonian Drama Theatre and the Estonian National Puppet Theater (now, the NUKU Theatre), among others. Her first substantial television role was as Heli Mets in the 1986 Peeter Urbla-directed historical television drama film Võõra nime all. She is possibly best known to Estonian television viewers for her role of Sirje Jakobson in the Kanal 2 television drama series Pilvede all, since 2010. Other television series appearances include roles on the Kanal 2 crime serials Kelgukoerad (2009) and Viimane võmm (2015). In 2010, she appeared in the role of Sirje, Kerli's mother in 
Klass - Elu pärast, which was a 2010 ETV2 television miniseries follow-up of the Ilmar Raag directed 2007 feature-film Klass about school bullying and violence.Notable film roles include that of Opal Madving in the 1986 Arvo Kruusement-directed mystery crime-drama Bande from Tallinnfilm, based on the 1930 novel The Glass Key by American writer Dashiell Hammett; the 2011 Gerli Nõmm-directed drama short Puhastus; the 2012 Sander Maran-directed comedy-horror short Uudishimu tapab; and the 2014 Anna Hints-directed drama short Õnne Manifest. In 2018, Rätsepp reprised her role as Sirje Jakobson from the television series Pilvede all for the Toomas Kirss-directed feature film Pilvede all. Neljas õde, a follow-up on the lives of the characters from the television series.
As well as acting, Rita Rätsepp is also a practicing psychologist. She has worked at the Tallinn Children's Hospital, Tallinn Central Children's Policlinic, the North-Estonia Medical Centre Seewald Psychiatric Polyclinic, and as a psychologist, adviser and counselor at the Rocca al Mare School in Tallinn.
Rita Rätsepp was married twice. Her first husband was musician and composer Alo Mattiisen. The couple were in a relationship for six years prior to marrying and married for three years before divorcing. They had one daughter, Anna-Mariita Mattiisen. Rätsepp later married Enn Õunpuu. The couple have two children and divorced in 2012.
Rita Rätsepp at IMDb
Venkatappa Musandra Muddiah pronunciation  (8 June 1929 – 1 October 2009) was an Indian cricketer who played in 2 Tests from 1959 to 1960.
Born in Bangalore, Mysore, Muddiah came up through the Mysore University and Mysore State 'B' team. He studied in the Malleswaram Middle and High School and Central College, Bangalore. He later played club cricket for Malleswaram Gymkhana and Friends Union CC. He joined the Indian Air Force in 1948, but was soon found 'unfit for flying'. He left the Air Force and represented Mysore in 1951–52 but was recalled to the IAF as an Air Traffic Controller in the next year. He went on to become a Wing Commander before taking voluntary retirement in 1979.
Muddiah started off a batsman, became a medium pacer and finally an off-spinner. He retained his fifteen step runup even while bowling spin. He had a great start to his first class career when he took 8 for 54 and 4 for 43 for Services against Southern Punjab in 1949. But for most of his career he had to live in the shadow of Ghulam Ahmed who was the primary Indian off spinner at the time. Muddiah was not selected to the Indian team till Ghulam retired in 1959.
Muddiah toured England in 1959, took thirty wickets in first class matches but did not appear in a Test. He failed to take a wicket on Test debut against Australia at Delhi in 1959-60. In his only other appearance, against Pakistan a year later, he took the wickets of Mushtaq Mohammad, Hanif Mohammad and Imtiaz Ahmed and had Wallis Mathias dropped at short-leg by Polly Umrigar. 
Another chance came against the visiting England team in 1961–62. Muddiah took 6 for 71 for the North Zone, all the wickets were top-order batsmen. But after an unsuccessful match for Services against MCC on the eve of the fourth Test he was not selected. He retired soon after.
Muddiah took 175 wickets in his first class career that lasted until late 1962. One of his more notable performances was for Mysore in the 1951-52 Ranji semifinal against Bombay. After Mysore made 170, Bombay finished the first day on 163 for 1. It rained overnight and Muddiah took six wickets in eight overs to bowl Bombay out for 205 on the second day. Mysore still lost by an innings. He also took 5 for 2 against Jammu and Kashmir in 1961-62.Muddiah had his benefit match in 1980. The Government of Karnataka provided him with 5 acres (20,000 m2) of land outside Bangalore where he ran a farm. He had two daughters and a son who is a lieutenant colonel in the Army.
Rajan Bala, "In the shadow of Ghulam Ahmed", Crickettalk magazine, 20 July 2000.
Vedam Jaishankar, Casting a spell: The story of Karnataka cricket, UBS Publishers, ISBN 81-7476-505-0, pp. 47–51
V. M. Muddiah at ESPNcricinfo
V. M. Muddiah at CricketArchive (subscription required)
American River Transportation Co., LLC (ARTCO) is a subsidiary of Archer Daniels Midland.  It provides river transportation, including barges and a shipyard; it also operates towboats on the Illinois River, Mississippi River, and Ohio River.  ARTCO Stevedoring provides bulk transfer and crane services on near New Orleans, Louisiana on the Lower Mississippi RiverAs of 2005, ARTCO owned 2,000 barges, and some towboats and harbor tugboats.ARTCO ships many of ADM's products, including as grain and oil seed, ethanol, and corn gluten meal.
Skulberg is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anton Skulberg (1921–2012), Norwegian scientist and politician
Per Kristian Skulberg (born 1951), Norwegian physician and politician
A Hard Day's Night is the third studio album by the English rock band the Beatles, released on 10 July 1964 by Parlophone, with side one containing songs from the soundtrack to their film of the same name. The American version of the album was released two weeks earlier, on 26 June 1964 by United Artists Records, with a different track listing. In contrast to the Beatles' first two albums, all 13 tracks on A Hard Day's Night were written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, showcasing the development of their songwriting partnership.
The album includes the song "A Hard Day's Night", with its distinctive opening chord, and "Can't Buy Me Love", both transatlantic number-one singles for the band. Several of the songs feature George Harrison playing a Rickenbacker 12-string electric guitar, a sound that was influential on the Byrds and other groups in the folk rock movement.
Musically, A Hard Day's Night eschews the rock and roll cover songs of the band's previous albums for a predominantly pop sound. Sputnikmusic's Dave Donnelly observes "short, peppy" pop songs characterised by layered vocals, immediate choruses, and understated instrumentation. According to Pitchfork's Tom Ewing, the lack of rock and roll covers allows listeners to "take the group's new sound purely on its own modernist terms", with audacious "chord choices", powerful harmonies, "gleaming" guitar, and "Northern" harmonica. Music journalist Robert Christgau writes that Lennon–McCartney's songs were "more sophisticated musically" than before. It also features lead guitarist George Harrison playing a Rickenbacker 12-string electric guitar, a sound that was influential on the Byrds and other bands in the folk rock explosion of 1965.Side one of the LP contains the songs from the film soundtrack. Side two contains songs written for, but not included in, the film, although a 1980s re-release of the film includes a prologue before the opening credits with "I'll Cry Instead" on the soundtrack. The title of the album and film was the accidental creation of drummer Ringo Starr. According to Lennon in a 1980 interview with Playboy magazine: "I was going home in the car and [film director] Dick Lester suggested the title, 'Hard Day's Night' from something Ringo had said. I had used it in In His Own Write, but it was an off-the-cuff remark by Ringo. You know, one of those malapropisms. A Ringo-ism, where he said it not to be funny ... just said it. So Dick Lester said, 'We are going to use that title.'"A Hard Day's Night is the first Beatles album to feature entirely original compositions, and the only one where all the songs were written by Lennon–McCartney. Lennon is the primary author of nine of the thirteen tracks on the album, as well as being the lead singer on these same nine tracks (although Paul McCartney sings lead on the title track's middle-eight). Lennon and McCartney co-wrote "I'm Happy Just to Dance with You", sung by Harrison, while McCartney wrote "And I Love Her", "Can't Buy Me Love" and "Things We Said Today". It is one of three Beatles albums, along with Let It Be and Magical Mystery Tour, in which Starr does not sing lead vocal on any songs. (Starr sang the lead vocal on "Matchbox" during the sessions; it appeared instead on the Long Tall Sally EP.) It is also one of three Beatles albums, along with Please Please Me and Beatles for Sale, in which Harrison does not contribute to the songwriting.
According to music critic Richie Unterberger, writing for AllMusic:
George Harrison's resonant 12-string electric guitar leads [on A Hard's Day's Night] were hugely influential; the movie helped persuade the Byrds, then folksingers, to plunge all out into rock & roll, and the Beatles would be hugely influential on the folk-rock explosion of 1965. The Beatles' success, too, had begun to open the US market for fellow English bands like the Rolling Stones, the Animals, and the Kinks, and inspired young American groups like the Beau Brummels, Lovin' Spoonful, and others to mount a challenge of their own with self-penned material that owed a great debt to Lennon–McCartney.
In his book Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!: The Story of Pop Music from Bill Haley to Beyoncé, Bob Stanley identifies A Hard Day's Night as the album that best captures the band's early-career appeal. He writes:
If you had to explain the Beatles' impact to a stranger, you'd play them the soundtrack to A Hard Day's Night. The songs, conceived in a hotel room in a spare couple of weeks between up-ending the British class system and conquering America, were full of bite and speed. There was adventure, knowingness, love, and abundant charm.
A Hard Day's Night was included in the list of "100 Essential Rock Albums" compiled by musicologists Charlie Gillett and Simon Frith for ZigZag magazine in 1975, and is one of the "Treasure Island albums" featured in Greil Marcus's 1979 book Stranded. In 2000, Q magazine placed A Hard Day's Night at number 5 on its list "The 100 Greatest British Albums Ever". That same year, it appeared at number 22 in Colin Larkin's book All Time Top 1000 Albums. In 2012, Rolling Stone ranked it 307th on the magazine's list of the "500 Greatest Albums of All Time".A Hard Day's Night has also appeared in critics' lists of the best albums of all time published by the NME, in 1974 (at number 33), 1985 (number 73) and 2013 (number 195); Mojo, in 1995 (number 81); and Uncut, in 2016 (number 149). It was a featured album in The Mojo Collection: The Greatest Albums of All Time, Tom Moon's book 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die and Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, and was selected as one of the "Most Significant Rock Albums" in the Greenwood Encyclopedia of Rock History.
On 26 February 1987, A Hard Day's Night was officially released on compact disc in mono, along with Please Please Me, With the Beatles, and Beatles for Sale. Having been available only as an import in the US in the past, the 13 track UK version of the album was also issued in the US on LP and cassette on 21 July 1987. Stereo mixes of "A Hard Day's Night", "Can't Buy Me Love", and "And I Love Her" had been made available on the first compact disc issue of 1962–1966 in 1993. Most of the rest of the tracks appeared in stereo on compact disc for the first time with the release of the box set The Capitol Albums, Volume 1 in 2004.
On 9 September 2009, a remastered version of this album was released and was the first time the album appeared in stereo on compact disc in its entirety. This album is also included in The Beatles Stereo Box Set. A remastered mono version of the original UK album was part of The Beatles in Mono box set.
All tracks are written by Lennon–McCartney.
The American version of the album was released on 26 June 1964 by United Artists Records in both mono and stereo, the fourth Beatles album in the United States. The album went to number one on the Billboard album chart, spending 14 weeks there, the longest run of any album that year. United Artists rushed the album into stores over a month before the film's US premiere; as a result, the Beatles had both the number-one album and number-one single in the country when A Hard Day's Night opened on 11 August 1964.
All seven songs from the film, the first side of the UK album, were featured along with "I'll Cry Instead", which, although written for the film, was cut at the last minute. The American version also included four easy listening-styled instrumental versions of Lennon and McCartney songs arranged by George Martin conducting an orchestra of studio musicians: "I Should Have Known Better", "And I Love Her", "Ringo's Theme", and "A Hard Day's Night". After EMI acquired United Artists Records, this album was reissued in August 1980 on the Capitol label, catalogue SW-11921.
While the stereo version of the album included the instrumental tracks in true stereo, the Beatles' own recordings appeared as electronically rechannelled stereo recordings made from the mono releases. The 1980 Capitol Records reissue used the same master tape as the original United Artists LP release in fake stereo, despite the availability of several tracks with official true stereo remixes. True stereo versions of most of the songs had been issued on the Capitol album Something New, released in July 1964. "Can't Buy Me Love" and "I Should Have Known Better" finally appeared in stereo on the 1970 Apple Records compilation Hey Jude. The song "A Hard Day's Night" did not appear in true stereo in the US until the 1982 Capitol compilation album Reel Music. In 2014, the American version of the "A Hard Day's Night" album was released on CD individually and in a boxed set of all the other US Beatles albums to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the Beatles first US visit. This CD reissue features all of the songs in both true stereo and mono mixes.
Sources:The Beatles
John Lennon – vocals; acoustic, rhythm and lead guitars; piano; harmonica
Paul McCartney – vocals; bass guitar; piano; cowbell
George Harrison – vocals; lead (six- and twelve-string) and acoustic guitars
Ringo Starr – drums, percussionAdditional personnel
George Martin – piano, production
A Hard Day's Night at Discogs (list of releases)
Beatles comments on each song
Recording data and notes on mono/stereo mixes and remixes
The red-crowned woodpecker (Melanerpes rubricapillus) is a resident breeding bird from southwestern Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela, the Guianas and Tobago.
The adult is 17 cm (6.7 in) long and weighs 55 g (1.9 oz). It has a zebra-barred black and white back and wings and a white rump. The tail is black with some white barring, and the underparts are pale buff-brown. The male has a red crown patch and nape. The female has a buff crown and duller nape. Immature birds are duller, particularly in the red areas of the head and neck.Although this species is very similar in appearance to the golden-fronted woodpecker (Melanerpes aurifrons) and the Yucatan woodpecker (Melanerpes pygmaeus), its distribution does not overlap with either of these species.
This woodpecker occurs in forests and semi-open woodland and cultivation. It nests in a hole in a dead tree or large cactus. The clutch is two eggs, incubated by both sexes, which fledge after 31–33 days.
Red-crowned woodpeckers feed on insects, but will take fruit and visit nectar feeders.
This common and conspicuous species gives a rattling krrrrrl call and both sexes drum on territory.
"Red-crowned woodpecker media". Internet Bird Collection.
Red-crowned woodpecker Stamps from Venezuela at bird-stamps.org
Red-crowned woodpecker photo gallery at VIREO (Drexel University)
Red-crowned woodpecker species account at Neotropical Birds (Cornell Lab of Ornithology)
Interactive range map of Melanerpes rubricapillus at IUCN Red List maps
Audio recordings of Red-crowned woodpecker on Xeno-canto.
Flower power was a slogan used during the late 1960s and early 1970s as a symbol of passive resistance and nonviolence. It is rooted in the opposition movement to the Vietnam War. The expression was coined by the American Beat poet Allen Ginsberg in 1965 as a means to transform war protests into peaceful affirmative spectacles. Hippies embraced the symbolism by dressing in clothing with embroidered flowers and vibrant colors, wearing flowers in their hair, and distributing flowers to the public, becoming known as flower children. The term later became generalized as a modern reference to the hippie movement and the so-called counterculture of drugs, psychedelic music, psychedelic art and social permissiveness.
The term "Flower Power" originated in Berkeley, California, as a symbolic action of protest against the Vietnam War. In a November 1965 essay titled How to Make a March/Spectacle, Ginsberg advocated that protesters should be provided with "masses of flowers" to hand out to policemen, press, politicians and spectators. The use of props like flowers, toys, flags, candy and music were meant to turn anti-war rallies into a form of street theater thereby reducing the fear, anger and threat that is inherent within protests.  In particular, Ginsberg wanted to counter the "specter" of the Hells Angels motorcycle gang who supported the war, equated war protesters with communists and had threatened to violently disrupt planned anti-war demonstrations at the University of California, Berkeley. Using Ginsberg's methods, the protest received positive attention and the use of "flower power" became an integral symbol in the counterculture movement.
By late 1966, the Flower Power method of guerilla theater had spread from California to other parts of the United States. The Bread and Puppet Theater in New York City staged numerous protests which included handing out balloons and flowers with their anti-war literature. Workshop in Nonviolence (WIN), a magazine published by New York activists, encouraged the use of Flower Power. 
In May 1967, Abbie Hoffman organized the Flower Brigade as an official contingent of a New York City parade honoring the soldiers in Vietnam. News coverage captured Flower Brigade participants, who carried flowers, flags and pink posters imprinted with LOVE, being attacked and beaten by bystanders. In response to the violence, Hoffman wrote in WIN magazine, "Plans are being made to mine the East River with daffodils. Dandelion chains are being wrapped around induction centers.... The cry of 'Flower Power' echoes through the land. We shall not wilt." On the following Sunday, WIN activists declared Armed Forces Day as "Flower Power Day" and held a rally in Central Park to counter the traditional parade. Turnout was low and, according to Hoffman, the rally was ineffective because guerilla theater needed to be more confrontational.In October 1967, Hoffman and Jerry Rubin helped organize the March on the Pentagon using Flower Power concepts to create a theatrical spectacle. The plan included a call for marchers to attempt to "levitate" the Pentagon. When the marchers faced off against more than 2500 Army national guard troops forming a human barricade in front of the Pentagon, some demonstrators held out flowers and a few placed their flowers in the soldiers' rifle barrels.
Photographs of flower-wielding protesters at the Pentagon march became iconic images of 1960s anti-war protests. One photo called "The Ultimate Confrontation" (by French photojournalist Marc Riboud), showed 17-year-old high school student Jan Rose Kasmir clasping a chrysanthemum and gazing at bayonet-wielding soldiers. Smithsonian Magazine later described the photo, which was published throughout the world, as "a gauzy juxtaposition of armed force and flower child innocence".Another photo from the march, titled Flower Power (by Washington Star photographer Bernie Boston), was nominated for the 1967 Pulitzer Prize.  The photo shows a young man in a turtleneck sweater placing carnations in the rifle barrels of military policemen. The young man in the photo is most commonly identified as George Edgerly Harris III, an 18-year-old actor from New York who later performed in San Francisco under the stage name of Hibiscus. According to writer and activist Paul Krassner, however, the young man was Yippie organizer "Super-Joel" Tornabene. Harris died in New York in the early 1980s during the early stages of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, while Tornabene died in Mexico in 1993.On 10 December 1971, John Lennon, an outspoken critic of the war, appeared at a rally for John Sinclair, a political activist and founding member of the White Panther Party, who had been sentenced to 10 years for marijuana possession. He said, "OK so Flower Power didn't work. So what. We start again."By the early 1970s, the Flower Power anti-war movement had faded primarily due to the end of the military draft in 1972 and the start of American withdrawal from combat activities in Vietnam in January 1973.
The iconic center of the Flower Power movement was the Haight-Ashbury district in San Francisco, California. By the mid-1960s, the area, marked by the intersection of Haight and Ashbury streets, had become a focal point for psychedelic rock music. Musicians and bands like Jefferson Airplane, the Grateful Dead and Janis Joplin all lived a short distance from the famous intersection. During the 1967 Summer of Love, thousands of hippies gathered there, popularized by hit songs such as "San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)". 
A July 7, 1967, Time magazine cover story on "The Hippies: Philosophy of a Subculture", and an August CBS News television report on "The Hippie Temptation", as well as other major media exposure, brought the hippie subculture to national attention and popularized the Flower Power movement across the country and around the world. That same summer, the Beatles' hit single "All You Need Is Love" served as an anthem for the movement. On 25 June, the Beatles performed the song on the Our World international satellite broadcast, ensuring that the pacifist message reached an audience estimated at 400 million.
The avant-garde art of Milton Glaser, Heinz Edelmann, and Peter Max became synonymous with the flower power generation. Edelman's illustration style was best known in his art designs for the Beatles' 1968 animated film Yellow Submarine. Glaser, the founder of Push Pin Studios, also developed the loose psychedelic graphic design, seen for example in his seminal 1966 poster illustration of Bob Dylan with paisley hair. It was the posters by pop artist Peter Max, with their vivid fluid designs painted in Day-Glo colors, which became visual icons of flower power. Max's cover story in Life magazine (September 1969) as well as appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson and The Ed Sullivan Show, further established "flower power" style art into mainstream culture.
 1960s portal
Bennett M. Berger, "Hippie morality—more old than new ",Society, Volume 5, Number 2 / December, 1967
Stuart Hall, "The Hippies: an American 'moment'", CCCS selected working papers, Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies, Routledge, 2007, ISBN 0-415-32441-6
A 1960s photographic archive
Andrew McGovern (born 7 April 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans and Fremantle in the Australian Football League.
He was originally drafted by the Swans from Claremont in the West Australian Football League with selection 4 in the 1991 AFL Draft but only played two seasons with Sydney for 20 games.
At the end of the 1993 season he was delisted and returned to Western Australia and played for Claremont in 1994. During this season he captained the Western Australian state side in their victorious interstate game against South Australia. The following season he followed Claremont coach Gerard Neesham to the newly formed Fremantle Football Club and played 17 games, mainly as a defender. He would play a total of 63 games for Fremantle in four seasons before retiring at the end of 1999 after playing with Claremont in Westar Rules the whole season.
Since retiring from professional football McGovern has been involved with the Clontarf Football Academy.Both of his sons, Jeremy and Mitch, are currently on AFL lists, with the elder, Jeremy, listed at West Coast Eagles and younger, Mitch, at Carlton.
Andrew McGovern's playing statistics from AFL Tables
Bump or Bumps is a nickname for:
Robert Blackwell (1918–1985), American bandleader, songwriter, arranger and record producer nicknamed "Bumps"
Bump Elliott (1925–2019), American college football player, coach, and athletic administrator
Bump Hadley (1904–1963), American Major League Baseball pitcher
Bump Wills (born 1952), American Major League Baseball second basemen
All pages with titles beginning with Bump
All pages with titles containing Bump
Joan Kahn (April 13, 1914 – October 12, 1994) was a New York City-based American author, anthologist, and editor, widely regarded as the preeminent mystery/suspense editor of her time. Described variously as the "doyenne of suspense," "the doyenne of mystery editors," and "publishing's grande dame of detective stories," Kahn first came to prominence during her extended reign (1946-1980) at Harper & Brothers (later Harper & Row), much of it spent creating and overseeing the longstanding "Harper Novel of Suspense" series. The Joan Kahn imprint, instituted during her Harper tenure, soon became a sought-after imprimatur for mystery connoisseurs. Some of Kahn's more celebrated signings include John Creasey, Patricia Highsmith, Julian Symons, Dick Francis, and Tony Hillerman.
Born and raised in New York City, Kahn was the eldest child of architect Eli Jacques Kahn and Elsie [Plaut] Kahn, and the sister of writer E.J. Kahn. An alumna of the Horace Mann School, the Yale School of Art, Barnard College, and the Art Students League of New York, Kahn wrote one children's book (which she also illustrated), 'Ladies and Gentlemen' said the Ringmaster (1938), and two novels, To Meet Miss Long (1943) and Open House (1946), before embarking on her editorial career.
Neither immediate nor by design, Kahn's career change was, in fact, incremental, circuitous, and, on Kahn's part, entirely unwitting. Her initial employment at Harper was as a manuscript reader, only later being recruited by Frederick Lewis Allen as an editor at Harper's Magazine, before finally being brought back by Harper & Brothers to help overhaul the publisher's antiquated mystery department. Even after these respective promotions, Kahn had no inkling that her current livelihood was soon to become her life's work. Both her training and her aspirations at that time were primarily in the visual arts; aside from being a published author, Kahn was both a painter and a sculptor, as well as a stage and costume designer.As she would tell The New York Times in 1968, Kahn initially viewed the Harper job as merely a "temporary thing," and never more so than when poring through roughly 200 previously rejected manuscripts, the reevaluation of which was one of the first tasks assigned the fledgling "Harper Novels of Suspense" team. However, when one of the handful she ended up accepting, The Horizontal Man by Helen Eustis, went on to win the Mystery Writers of America's annual Edgar Award for best first novel of 1947, Kahn quickly reconsidered. Her initial misgivings forgotten, Kahn aggressively pursued her newfound calling. Speaking with The Chicago Tribune in 1990, shortly after her retirement, she recalled:
I was so bloody lucky. Here I was, absolutely untrained and a dame. In those days, women didn't get many jobs in publishing. I was a snotty little girl... I was scared. I didn't know what I was doing. But I happened to be working for very bright people, who gave me my head. They allowed me to play.
This freedom allowed Kahn to wield extraordinary power, purging Harper of the majority of its largely hidebound roster of mystery writers, sparing only John Dickson Carr and Nicholas Blake (aka C. Day Lewis).As an editor, Kahn was both devoted to her authors and extremely demanding – by her own account, "a nasty editor." She would not buy a book until it was fully fit to print; to that end, she worked long hours collaborating with her prospective authors. Moreover, no amount of previously successful collaborations between Kahn and a given author guaranteed publication of that author's next novel.Appearing in The New York Times in November 1967, Anthony Boucher's enthusiastic review of the first of 11 suspense anthologies Kahn would produce over the following twenty years provides a concise summary of the previous twenty:
One of the best editors I know has never had her name on a book until this season. You know the reliable quality of the "Harper Novels of Suspense," and the disproportionate frequency with which they turn up on my Best-of-the-Year lists. Well, it is Joan Kahn who has, over the past two decades, made the Harper imprint meaningful in suspense, who made us acquainted with the giants of the modern English school (Julian Symons, Andrew Garve, Michael Gilbert, etc.), who taught John Creasey and the American public how to discover each other, who introduced probably the most important new suspense writers of the 1960s (Nicolas Freeling and Dick Francis) - and if her track record with American authors is less impressive, still John Ball, Ed Lacy and Elizabeth Linington are not precisely negligible.
In fact, few better examples could be found of Kahn's tough-love approach to editing than her 1965 collaboration with the then largely unknown John Ball; in coaxing from him the Edgar Award-winning In the Heat of the Night (itself the basis of the multi-award-winning film of the same name, starring Sidney Poitier and Rod Steiger), Kahn's accomplishment, at least as perceived by critic and fellow editor Otto Penzler, was Svengali-like:
Ball, in spite of creating the iconic Virgil Tibbs, was an excruciatingly bad writer, his prose more wooden than Sherwood Forest. He had a terrific idea for a novel, assigning a black policeman down South to work with a redneck sheriff, and sent it off to the greatest mystery editor who ever lived, Joan Kahn. She painstakingly worked with Ball to rewrite again and again, finally pulling a book out of him that was good enough to win the Edgar Allan Poe Award.
Two of Kahn's key seventies signings, Tony Hillerman and Joseph Hansen, not only unleashed two hitherto frustrated novelists, but also introduced two groundbreaking American protagonists, Hillerman's Navajo Tribal Police Lieutenant Joe Leaphorn and Joseph Hansen's unapologetically gay insurance investigator Dave Brandstetter. Looking back in 1985, fifteen years after the fact, and again almost two decades later, Hansen recalls both the initial agonizing delay in publication and the ensuing mutual incredulity when Kahn finally came to the rescue:
But before there were reviews, there had to be a published book. And that took some doing. It also took three years. Publishers were leery of my matter-of-fact, non-apologetic approach to a subject that the rule book said had to be treated sensationally or not at all. At last a brave lady named Joan Kahn took a chance on me. When Kahn, magisterial mystery editor at Harper & Row, accepted this novel for publication, she wrote my agent, "Where's this writer been hiding?" I had to laugh to keep from crying. Hiding was the last thing I wanted to do... I'd been writing for 46 years.
Hillerman had an analogous tale to tell (a three-year travail, complete with Kahn cast as the deus ex machina), recounted shortly after his death by Jack Adrian in The Independent:
His first book, The Blessing Way (1970), took him three years to write and then three months to rewrite after Joan Kahn, the mystery editor at Harper's, sent him a detailed critique, telling him to "beef up" one of his secondary characters. "Ironically," Hillerman said, "that character was Joe Leaphorn. I'd originally had a white anthropologist as the protagonist. I owe my career to Joan Kahn."
The exact circumstances of Kahn's departure from Harper & Row in early 1980 remain unclear; contemporary press accounts offer no specifics. For her part, speaking with the Los Angeles Times in December of that year, Kahn suggests the move was her choice, a reluctant response to Harper's increasingly bottom-line orientation:
I left Harper with my heart breaking, but it was getting bigger and bigger. Since the only thing I really give a damn about is the authors, and they weren't being taken care of, I thought I'd better go and find a place that would love them more. I think little places can afford to do that.
However, in a 2011 obituary for editor Ruth Cavin, a recollection by Thomas McCormack (formerly Kahn's colleague at Harper, and later the CEO at St. Martin's Press, where Kahn would finish her career), is cited to the effect that, in 1980, Kahn, then 65, had simply been "retired" by her longtime employers. 
In any event, after leaving Harper, Kahn worked briefly at Ticknor & Fields, and then E.P. Dutton, before landing, in early 1983, at St Martin's, where she would remain until her retirement six years later. Accompanying Kahn through her many relocations were a number of her more recent discoveries from Harper, including Jack S. Scott, Richard Bulliet, E. Richard Johnson, Herbert Resnicow, Jonathan Gash, and Jane Langton, as well two Ticknor signatories, H. Paul Jeffers and Patrick McGinley.Towards the end of her life, Kahn received two special awards from the Mystery Writers of America – first, in 1985, the Ellery Queen Award for "outstanding people in the mystery-publishing industry," and, on the occasion of her retirement in 1989, a special Edgar Award in recognition of Kahn's distinguished career.
Kahn never married and had no children. After a brief illness, she died on October 12, 1994, in Manhattan. Kahn was survived by her younger sister, artist Olivia Kahn, and three nephews. Olivia had also been Joan's colleague at Harper, acting as an advisor and manuscript reader, and shortly after her sister's death, would contribute many of her papers both to Bowling Green State University  and to Joan's Alma mater Yale.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," said the Ringmaster (1938)
Seesaw (1964)
You Can't Catch Me (1976)
Hi, Jock, Run Around the Block (1978)
To Meet Miss Long (1943)
Open House (1946)
"Joan Kahn, author of 'To Meet Miss Long'..." (captioned photo promoting Kahn's first novel). The Hartford Courant. February 28, 1943.
"'Open House' Second Novel of Joan Kahn". The Lewiston Evening Journal. July 20, 1946.
"Decline of the Mystery Story". The Toledo Blade. September 20, 1964.
Flora, Doris. "Search For Author Proves As Interesting As The Plot". The Tuscaloosa News. October 2, 1964.
Barkham, John. "Books in Brief: 'Edge of the Chair'". The St. Petersburg Times. November 5, 1967.
Boucher, Anthony. "Criminals at Large". The New York Times Book Review. November 13, 1967.
Nichols, Lewis. "American Notebook: Mystery Lady". The New York Times. April 28, 1968.
Hughes, Dorothy B. "The Crime File: Suspense Anthology from Joan Kahn". The Los Angeles Times. November 2, 1969.
Pryce-Jones, Alan. "In Suspense, Fiction's More Exciting Than Life". The Toledo Blade. November 9, 1969.
Kahn, Joan. "Mysteries, Junior Division". The New York Times. April 26, 1981.
Barkham, John. "Of Books and Authors: Joan Kahn of Dutton Co. is Leading 'Mystery Editor'". The Youngstown Vindicator. September 19, 1982.
Smith, Dave. "Writers Hear Good, Bad News About Publishing". The Bend Bulletin. October 7, 1982.
Blades, John. "Editors at the Scene of Crime's Path from Potboiler to a Gentler Genre". The Chicago Tribune. January 25, 1990.
New York Times News Service. "Joan Kahn, Top Editor Of Mystery, Suspense Books" The Chicago Tribune. October 16, 1994.
Powell, Margaret K. "A Joan Kahn Book". Nota Bene: News from the Yale Library. Spring 1996. Volume 6, Number 2.
Joan Kahn Collection at Bowling Green State University
Joan Kahn Papers. Yale Collection of American Literature, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Joan Kahn at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Paul Stanford Thompson (born May 25, 1961) is a former American basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association. Thompson was originally drafted in the third round of the 1983 NBA Draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers. In 1985, Thompson was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks for two draft picks. Later in the year, he signed with the Philadelphia 76ers after being waived by the Bucks.
Marcus Vinícius Oliveira de Almeida, also known as Buchecha (born January 8, 1990 in Santos, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner and black belt under Rodrigo Cavaca, who  gave Almeida his nickname Buchecha, which means big cheeks.
Almeida competes for the Checkmat team.
Almeida was born and grew up in Santos, São Paulo. His sister started training Brazilian jiu-jitsu when Marcus was 14 years old, forcing him to come along to the gym so their father Clayton could keep an eye on her. Subsequently, Marcus and Clayton started training jiu-jitsu also, leading both to become black belts and the latter winning IBJJF Masters World Championship.
Despite talking about transitioning to mixed martial arts since 2015, news surfaced four years later on July 30, 2020, that Almeida had signed a multi-year contract with ONE Championship. He has been training mixed martial arts at the American Kickboxing Academy and is expected to compete in the heavyweight division.In August 2020, Almeida had to withdraw from an upcoming BJJ match with Fabricio Werdum due to a knee injury that has also delayed his MMA debut for ONE FC. Almeida was scheduled to make his MMA debut against Oumar Kane at ONE Championship. Unfortunately, Almeida was removed from the card and replaced with Alain Ngalani on 13th January, 2021, reportedly due to suffering an injury in training. After recovering from his injury, he was booked to make his MMA debut against Kang Ji Won at ONE on TNT 1. Won later withdrew from the bout for undisclosed reasons.
Marcus Almeida in BJJ Heroes
Marcus Almeida on Martial Arts Ranking
Marcus "Buchecha" Almeida on BJJ Stars
Professional MMA record for Marcus Almeida from Sherdog
The Nandom Senior High is an all-boys Catholic secondary school (formerly called St. Michael's Secondary School) located in Nandom, the Upper West Region of Ghana, Nandom district to be precise.
The school was founded in 1968 by the Friars of Immaculate conception (FIC) brothers with an initial number of 38 students and this has risen to 858 in recent periods.Nandom Senior High School, also known as NANSEC, has enjoyed some glories especially in the period of General Certificate of Education (GCE) Ordinary and Advanced levels. This is evident in the year 1976 when the school witnessed outstanding results.
Rev. Bro. Albert  Ketelaars
Rev. Bro. Nicholas Zumana
Guo Kilian Popyin
Rev. Bro. Joachim Naah
Benjamin Kunbuor, Ghanaian politician
Amin Amidu Sulemana, Ghanaian diplomat and politician
Emmanuel Bombande, Chairperson on The Truth, Justice and Reconciliation Commission of Kenya
WJacob Kor, Director-General of the Ghana Education Service (GES).
D.D. Kuupole, Vice Chancellor of the University of Cape Coast.
Charles A. Abugre, Chief Executive Officer of the Savannah Accelerated Development Authority (SADA).
Justice Gabriel Pwamang, Supreme Court Judge.
Joseph Akanjolenur Whittal, Commissioner of the Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ).
Ahmed Bening, deputy secretary-general of the Panafrican Youth Union
Cheryl Gould is an American journalist who worked at NBC News for almost four decades. She was the first female Executive Producer of a nightly newscast, and is  known as a pioneer, role model, and mentor for women in the industry. She has been an important voice in efforts to make newsrooms more diverse and remains active in the industry.
Cheryl Gould grew up in Burlington County, New Jersey. She was among the earliest women to be admitted to Princeton University, where she majored in History, graduating with honors in 1974. She also attended the Sorbonne.
She lives in New York City, has one son, and is married to Reid Weingarten, an attorney.
Gould retired from NBC News in 2014 as Senior Vice President. Before becoming a senior manager, Gould spent a decade at NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw where she ended her tenure as the broadcast’s first female Executive Producer.
Prior to Nightly News, Gould helped create and was Senior Producer of the award winning broadcast NBC News Overnight with Linda Ellerbee, which was described as "possibly the best written and most intelligent news program ever" by the jury judging the duPont-Columbia Awards. Gould also worked for the presidential elections unit, and was a producer for Tom Brokaw’s documentary “D-Day Plus 40.”
Gould was a radio correspondent and field producer for NBC News in Paris, and later in London from 1977 to 1981. Before moving to Europe, she was a radio reporter for WAXC and a TV reporter for WOKR, both in Rochester, New York.
Gould has won numerous awards throughout her career, including an Emmy, a duPont-Columbia award for Overnight, and an Edward R. Murrow award. She has been profiled in numerous newspapers and magazines, including a 1988 profile in The Washington Post. Gould has been featured in several books about women in the broadcast news industry, including And So It Goes by Linda Ellerbee, and Waiting for Primetime: The Women of Television News by Marlene Sanders and Marcia Rock. She has been lauded for her role as mentor to countless young journalists.
Gould published articles in The New York Times, msnbc.com, and wrote a reaction piece to the movie Broadcast News in Newsweek, December 28, 1987. Gould has been a guest lecturer at schools and associations including Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, Princeton University, Vassar College, New York University, Business Today annual conferences, the Asian American Journalists Association, and General Electric’s Women’s Network.
For two decades, Gould has been an active board member of the Committee to Protect Journalists, and was a member of a CPJ mission to Tunisia which obtained the release from prison of an online journalist who had been jailed on trumped up charges for writing about government corruption. In msnbc.com blog posts entitled "Fighting for press freedom in Tunisia" (July 16, 2008) and "One Step Closer to Press Freedom in Tunisia" (July 30, 2008), Gould wrote a firsthand account of Tunisian journalists’ fight for freedom of the press.In May 2015 Gould was a keynote speaker in Beirut for the Samir Kassir Foundation on the topic of freedom of expression. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and serves as a finalist juror for the duPont-Columbia award, one of the most prestigious awards in broadcast journalism.
Waiting for Prime Time: The Women of Television News
Committee to Protect Journalists
International Women's Media Foundation
Richard Joseph Daley (May 15, 1902 – December 20, 1976) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Chicago from 1955 and the chairman of the Cook County Democratic Party Central Committee from 1953 until his death. He has been called "the last of the big city bosses" who controlled and mobilized American cities. Daley was Chicago's third consecutive mayor from the working-class, heavily Irish-American South Side neighborhood of Bridgeport, where he lived his entire life. He was the patriarch of the Daley family, whose members include Richard M. Daley, another former mayor of Chicago; William M. Daley, a former United States Secretary of Commerce; John P. Daley, a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners; and Patrick Daley Thompson, an alderman of the Chicago City Council.
Daley is remembered for doing much to save Chicago from the declines that other rust belt cities such as Cleveland, Buffalo, and Detroit experienced during the same period. He had a strong base of support in Chicago's Irish Catholic community and was treated by national politicians such as Lyndon B. Johnson as a pre-eminent Irish-American, with special connections to the Kennedy family. Daley played a major role in the history of the Democratic Party, especially with his support of John F. Kennedy in the presidential election of 1960 and of Hubert Humphrey in the presidential election of 1968. He would be the longest-serving mayor in Chicago history until his record was broken by his son Richard M. Daley in 2011.
On the other hand, Daley's legacy is complicated by criticisms of his response to the Chicago riots that followed the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. and his handling of the notorious 1968 Democratic National Convention that happened in his city. He also had enemies within the Democratic Party. In addition, many members of Daley's administration were charged and convicted for corruption, although Daley himself was never charged with any crime.
Richard J. Daley was born in Bridgeport, a working-class neighborhood of Chicago. He was the only child of Michael and Lillian (Dunne) Daley, whose families had both arrived from the Old Parish area, near Dungarvan, County Waterford, Ireland, during the Great Famine. Richard's father was a sheet metal worker with a reserved demeanor. Michael's father, James E. Daley, was a butcher born in New York, while his mother, Delia Gallagher Daley, was an Irish immigrant. Richard's mother was outgoing and outspoken. Before women obtained the right to vote in 1920, Lillian Daley was an active suffragette, participating in marches and often bringing her son to them. She hoped her son's life would be more professionally successful than that of his parents. Prior to his mother's death, Daley had won the Democratic nomination for Cook County sheriff. Lillian wanted more than this for her son, telling a friend, "I didn't raise my son to be a policeman." Daley would later state that his wellsprings were his religion, his family, his neighborhood, the Democratic Party, and his love of the city.
Daley attended the elementary school of his parish, Nativity of Our Lord, and De La Salle Institute (where he learned clerical skills) and took night classes at DePaul University College of Law to earn a Bachelor of Laws in 1933. As a young man, Daley's jobs included selling newspapers and making deliveries for a door to door peddler; he worked in Chicago's Union stock yards to pay his law school expenses. He spent his free time at the Hamburg Athletic Club, an athletic, social and political organization near his home. Hamburg and similar clubs were funded, at least in part, by local Democratic politicians. Daley made his mark there, not in sports, but in organization as the club manager. At age 22, he was elected president of the club and served in that office until 1939. Although he practiced law with partner William J. Lynch, he dedicated the majority of his time to his political career.
Daley's career in politics began when he became a Democratic precinct captain. Having served as secretary for previous County Treasurers Joseph B. McDonough, Thomas D. Nash, Robert M. Sweitzer, and Joseph L. Gill, he was appointed the Chief Deputy Comptroller of Cook County on December 17, 1936 to replace Michael J. O'Connor, who had died on December 9.Daley's first elective office was in the Illinois House of Representatives, to which he was elected for the 9th district on November 3, 1936 alongside Democratic incumbents William J. Gormley and Peter P. Jezierny. Despite being a lifelong Democrat he was elected to the office as a Republican. This was a matter of political opportunism and the peculiar setup for legislative elections in Illinois at the time, which allowed Daley to take the place on the ballot of the recently deceased Republican candidate David Shanahan. Daley's name was not printed on the ballot due to the closeness of Shanahan's death to the election, but he was able to defeat Shanahan's friend Robert E. Rodgers.After his election, Daley quickly moved back to the Democratic side of the aisle. After the death of incumbent Democratic Senator Patrick J. Carroll in 1938, Daley was elected to the Illinois Senate. That year Gormley and Jezierny were successfully reelected with Republican William S. Finucane taking the third spot. In 1939, Illinois State Senator William "Botchy" Connors remarked of Daley, "You couldn't give that guy a nickel, that's how honest he is." Daley served as Minority Leader of the Illinois Senate from 1941 through 1946. He suffered his only political defeat in 1946, when he lost a bid to become Cook County sheriff.In the late 1940s, Daley became Democratic Ward Committeeman of the 11th Ward, a post he retained until his death. He was appointed by Governor Adlai Stevenson II as head of the Illinois Department of Finance, serving in that role from 1949 through 1950, the year he made a successful run for Cook County Clerk. Daley held that position until being elected Chicago's mayor.
Daley became chairman of the Central Committee of the Cook County Democratic Party, i.e. boss of the political machine, in 1953. Holding this position along with the mayoralty in later years enhanced Daley's power. A recorded phone conversation which Daley had with President Lyndon Johnson on January 27, 1968, revealed that despite his Irish Catholic background, he also privately had at times tense relations with the Kennedy family and that he declined an offer to vote against President Harry Truman when he was serving as a delegate at the 1948 Democratic National Convention.
Daley was first elected mayor, Chicago's 48th, in 1955. He was re-elected to that office five times and had been mayor for 21 years at the time of his death. During his administration, Daley dominated the political arena of the city and, to a lesser extent, that of the entire state. Officially, Chicago has a "weak-mayor" system, in which most of the power is vested in the city council. However, Daley's post as de facto leader of the Chicago Democratic Party allowed him to rule the city with an iron hand and gave him great influence over the city's ward organizations, which in turn allowed him a considerable voice in Democratic primary contests—in most cases, the real contest in the Democratic stronghold of Chicago.
Major construction during Daley's terms in office resulted in O'Hare International Airport, the Sears Tower, McCormick Place, the University of Illinois at Chicago, numerous expressways and subway construction projects, and other major Chicago landmarks. O'Hare was a particular point of pride for Daley, with him and his staff regularly devising occasions to celebrate it. It occasioned one of Daley's numerous clashes with community organizer Saul Alinsky. His black-neighborhood Woodlawn Organization threatened a mass "piss in" at the airport (a crowding of its toilets) to press demands for open employment.Daley contributed to John F. Kennedy's narrow, 8,000 vote victory in Illinois in 1960. In 1966, Martin Luther King Jr. and James Bevel took the Civil Rights Movement north and encouraged racial integration of Chicago's neighborhoods, such as Marquette Park. Daley called for a "summit conference" and signed an agreement with King and other community leaders to foster open housing. The public agreement itself was without legal standing and ignored. The Southern Christian Leadership Conference's efforts in Chicago contributed to the passage of the Fair Housing Act two years later.Daley discouraged motion picture and television filming on location in Chicago, after an episode of M Squad (aired on January 30, 1959) depicted an officer of CPD taking bribes. This policy lasted until the end of his term and would be reversed under later mayor Jane Byrne, when The Blues Brothers was filmed in Chicago.
The year 1968 was a momentous year for Daley. On January 27, 1968, Daley informed President Johnson that Robert Kennedy had met him and asked for his support in the upcoming Democratic primaries, which he declined. He also got the President to accept an offer to either stay in the Democratic primaries or be nominated as Hubert Humphrey's Vice President at the Democratic National Convention. Daley and Johnson were also going to use Kennedy's run for president to help this plan and feed Kennedy's ego by making him think there was a "revolution" in the party as well. In April, Daley was castigated by many for his sharp rhetoric in the aftermath of rioting that took place after King's assassination. Displeased with what he saw as an over-cautious police response to the rioting, Daley chastised police superintendent James B. Conlisk and subsequently related that conversation at a City Hall press conference as follows:
I said to him very emphatically and very definitely that an order be issued by him immediately to shoot to kill any arsonist or anyone with a Molotov cocktail in his hand, because they're potential murderers, and to shoot to maim or cripple anyone looting.
This statement generated significant controversy. Reverend Jesse Jackson, for example, called it "a fascist's response". Daley later backed away from his words in an address to the City Council, saying:
It is the established policy of the police department – fully supported by this administration – that only the minimum force necessary be used by policemen in carrying out their duties.
Later that month, Daley asserted,
There wasn't any shoot-to-kill order. That was a fabrication.
Robert Kennedy was also assassinated in June 1968, thus hurting Daley's earlier plan to make Johnson, who withdrew his re-election bid in March, Vice President.
In August, the 1968 Democratic National Convention was held in Chicago. Intended to showcase Daley's achievements to national Democrats and the news media, the proceedings during the convention instead garnered notoriety for the mayor and city, descending into verbal outbursts between participants, and a circus for the media. With the nation divided by the Vietnam War and with the assassinations of King and Kennedy earlier that year serving as backdrop, the city became a battleground for anti-war protesters who vowed to shut down the convention. In some cases, confrontations between protesters and police turned violent, with images of the chaos broadcast on national television. Later, anti-war activists Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, and three other members of the "Chicago Seven" were convicted of crossing state lines with the intent of inciting a riot as a result of these confrontations, though the convictions were overturned on appeal. 
At the convention itself, Senator Abraham A. Ribicoff went off-script during his speech nominating George McGovern, saying, "And with George McGovern as President of the United States, we wouldn't have to have Gestapo tactics in the streets of Chicago. And with George McGovern as president, we wouldn't have to have a National Guard." Ribicoff, with his voice shaking, then said: "How hard it is to speak the truth, when we know the problems that are facing this nation", for which some in the crowd booed Ribicoff. Ribicoff also tried to introduce a motion to shut down the convention and move it to another city. Many conventioneers applauded Ribicoff's remarks but an indignant Daley tried to shout down the speaker. As television cameras focused on Daley, lip-readers later said they observed him shouting, "Fuck you, you Jew son of a bitch, you lousy motherfucker, go home!" Defenders of the mayor later stated that he was calling Ribicoff a faker, a charge denied by Daley and refuted by Mike Royko's reporting. A federal commission, led by local attorney and party activist Dan Walker, investigated the events surrounding the convention and described them as a "police riot". Daley defended his police force with the following statement, which was also a slip of the tongue: "The confrontation was not caused by the police. The confrontation was caused by those who charged the police. Gentlemen, let's get this thing straight, once and for all. The policeman is not here to create disorder. The policeman is here to preserve disorder."Public opinion polls conducted after the convention demonstrated that the majority of Americans supported Daley's tactics. Daley was historically re-elected for the fifth time in 1971. However, many have argued this was due to a lack of formidable opposition rather than Daley's own popularity. Democratic nominee McGovern threw Daley out of the 1972 Democratic National Convention, replacing his delegation with one led by Jesse Jackson. This event arguably marked a downturn in Daley's power and influence within the Democratic Party but, given his public standing, McGovern later made amends by putting Daley loyalist (and Kennedy in-law) Sargent Shriver on his ticket. In January 1973, former Illinois Racing Board Chairman William S. Miller testified that Daley had "induced" him to bribe Illinois Governor Otto Kerner.
In the 1970 special election deciding whether or not Illinois would adopt its then-proposed state constitution, Daley came out in support of its adoption late in the campaign. His support may have ultimately been critical in influencing Illinois voters in their decision to ultimately adopt the proposed constitution. Daley was a strong proponent of Illinois having home rule for local government, and this constitution enshrined the ability for local governments to become home rule units.Daley was reelected mayor for a (then-record) sixth term in 1975.
Shortly after 2:00 p.m. on December 20, 1976, Daley collapsed on the city's Near North Side while on his way to lunch. He was rushed to the office of his private physician at 900 North Michigan Avenue. It was confirmed that Daley had suffered a massive heart attack and he was pronounced dead at 2:55 p.m.; he was 74 years old. Daley's funeral took place in the church he attended since his childhood, Nativity of Our Lord. He is buried in Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Worth Township, southwest of Chicago.
Daley met Eleanor "Sis" Guilfoyle at a local ball game. He courted "Sis" for six years, during which time he finished law school and was established in his legal profession. They were married on June 17, 1936, and lived in a modest brick bungalow at 3536 South Lowe Avenue in the heavily Irish and Polish neighborhood of Bridgeport, a few blocks from his birthplace. They had three daughters and four sons, in that order. Their eldest son, Richard M. Daley, was elected mayor of Chicago in 1989, and served in that position until his retirement in 2011. The youngest son, William M. Daley, served as White House Chief of Staff under President Barack Obama and as US Secretary of Commerce under President Bill Clinton. Another son, John P. Daley, is a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners. The other progeny have stayed out of public life. Michael Daley is a partner in the law firm Daley & George, and Patricia (Daley) Martino and Mary Carol (Daley) Vanecko are teachers, as was Eleanor, who died in 1998.
 Quotations related to Richard J. Daley at WikiquoteDaley, who never lost his blue-collar Chicago accent, was known for often mangling his syntax and other verbal gaffes. Daley made one of his most memorable verbal missteps in 1968, while defending what the news media reported as police misconduct during that year's violent Democratic convention, stating, "Gentlemen, get the thing straight once and for all – the policeman isn't there to create disorder, the policeman is there to preserve disorder." Daley's reputation for misspeaking was such that his press secretary Earl Bush would tell reporters, "Write what he means, not what he says."
A poll of 160 historians, political scientists and urban experts ranked Daley as the sixth best mayor in American history. On the 50th anniversary of Daley's first 1955 swearing-in, several dozen Daley biographers and associates met at the Chicago Historical Society. Historian Michael Beschloss called Daley "the pre-eminent mayor of the 20th century". Chicago journalist Elizabeth Taylor said, "Because of Mayor Daley, Chicago did not become a Detroit or a Cleveland." Robert Remini pointed out that while other cities were in fiscal crisis in the 1960s and 1970s, "Chicago always had a double-A bond rating." According to Chicago folksinger Steve Goodman, "no man could inspire more love, more hate". Daley's twenty-one-year tenure as mayor is memorialized in the following:
A week after his death, the former William J. Bogan Junior College, one of the City Colleges of Chicago, was renamed as the Richard J. Daley College in his honor.
The Richard J. Daley Center (originally, the Cook County Civic Center) is a 32-floor office building completed in 1965 and renamed for the mayor after his death.
The Richard J. Daley Library, the primary academic library at the University of Illinois at ChicagoDaley was known by many Chicagoans as "Da Mare" ("The Mayor"), "Hizzoner" ("His Honor"), and "The Man on Five" (his office was on the fifth floor of City Hall). Since Daley's death and the subsequent election of son Richard as mayor in 1989, the first Mayor Daley has become known as "Boss Daley", "Old Man Daley", or "Daley Senior" to residents of Chicago.
The Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young song "Chicago" (written by Graham Nash) was about the 1968 Democratic convention. In their live album Four Way Street, Nash ironically dedicates the song to "Mayor Daley".
The first verse Steve Goodman's original 1972 version of "The Lincoln Park Pirates" contains the line, "the stores are all closing and Daley is dozing". Following Daley's death, Goodman replaced the reference with "... and Bilandic's been chosen". Goodman also wrote and recorded a song called "Daley's Gone", which appeared on his 1977 album Say It in Private.
Songwriters Tom Walsh, Tom Black and Terry McEldowney pay homage to Daley in "South Side Irish", making him the subject of the entire third verse.
In episode 13 of the third season of Saturday Night Live, a sketch entitled "Miracle in Chicago" portrays Mayor Daley (played by John Belushi) appearing as a ghost to a pub owner and a customer (played respectively by Dan Aykroyd and Bill Murray). Daley has come back to give the new Mayor a few electoral tips and complain about his burial site. Before disappearing again, he helps the owner get the popular Irish song "Too Ra Loo Ra Loo Ral" on his juke box and leaves him a gift turkey.
In a scene set at the Chez Paul restaurant in the 1980 film The Blues Brothers, the maître d' (Alan Rubin) is seen talking on the phone: "No, sir, Mayor Daley no longer dines here, sir. He's dead, sir." Later in the film, when the brothers are driving rapidly through Chicago, Elwood (Dan Aykroyd) comments "If my estimations are correct, we should be very close to the Honorable Richard J. Daley Plaza." "That's where they got that Picasso!" Jake enthuses. The classic "use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension of the Blues Brothers has been approved" line delivered by a police dispatcher is an obvious homage to Daley's 1968 order during the riots following Martin Luther King's assassination.
Timeline of Chicago, 1950s–1970s
Cohen, Adam; Elizabeth Taylor (2000). American Pharaoh: Mayor Richard J. Daley: His Battle for Chicago and the Nation. Boston: Little, Brown. ISBN 0-316-83403-3. Detailed scholarly biography. Excerpt.
Goodman, Barak (director) (1995). Daley: The Last Boss (documentary). Originally shown on the PBS program American Experience.
Kennedy, Eugene (1978). Himself!: The Life and Times of Mayor Richard J. Daley. New York: Viking Press. ISBN 0-670-37258-7.
O Gadhra, Nollaig (1979). Richard J. Daley, meara Chicago. Dublin: Foilseachain Naisiunta. OCLC 16543534. This Irish-language biography of Richard Daley is considered to be one of the most thorough and comprehensive biographies ever written in Irish.
O'Connor, Len (1975). Clout: Mayor Daley and His City. Chicago: H. Regnery. ISBN 0-8092-8291-7.
Royko, Mike (1971). Boss: Richard J. Daley of Chicago. New York: Dutton. ISBN 0-525-07000-1.
Witcover, Jules (1997). The Year the Dream Died: Revisiting 1968 in America. New York: Warner Books. ISBN 0-446-67471-0.
Biles, Roger (1995). Richard J. Daley: Politics, Race, and the Government of Chicago. DeKalb, Ill.: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 0-87580-199-4.
Holli, Melvin G. (1999). The American Mayor: The Best and the Worst Big-city Leaders. University Park, Pa.: Pennsylvania State University Press. ISBN 0-271-01876-3.
Charles Kolb, Review of The American Mayor.
Peterson, Paul E. (1976). School Politics, Chicago Style. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-66288-8.
Rakove, Milton L. (1975). Don't Make No Waves—Don't Back No Losers: An Insider's Analysis of the Daley Machine. Bloomington, Ind.: Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-11725-9.
Simpson, Dick (2001). Rogues, Rebels, and Rubber Stamps: The Politics of the Chicago City Council from 1863 to the Present. Boulder, Colo.: Westview Press. ISBN 0-8133-9763-4.
Vaz, Matthew (2020). Running the Numbers: Race, Police, and the History of Urban Gambling. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 9780226690445.
Remembering Richard J. Daley - UIC Library
Mayor Richard J. Daley bio at the Chicago 7 Trial Page
Richard J. Daley at Find a Grave
Daley Family Tree (interactive graphic) Archived September 17, 2009, at the Wayback Machine
Guglielmo Barnabò (11 May 1888 – 31 May 1954) was an Italian stage and film actor. He appeared in 99 films between 1926 and 1954. He was born and died in Ancona, Italy.
Guglielmo Barnabò at IMDb
France–Americas relations started in the 16th century, soon after the discovery of the New World by Christopher Columbus, and have developed over a period of several centuries.
In order to counterbalance the power of the Habsburg Empire under Charles V, and especially its control of large parts of the New World through the Crown of Spain, Francis I endeavoured to develop contacts with the New World and Asia.
In 1524, Francis I assisted the citizens of Lyon in financing the expedition of Giovanni da Verrazzano to North America. Verrazzano was an Italian in the service of the French crown.  The objective was to explore the lands north of Florida and find a passage to Cathay. Verrazzano was the first European since the Norse colonization of the Americas around AD 1000 to explore the Atlantic coast of North America between South and North Carolina and Newfoundland, including New York Harbor and Narragansett Bay in 1524: in between, John Cabot had already explored Labrador to the North, and the Spanish had already settled parts of Florida. On this expedition, Verrazzano claimed Newfoundland for the French crown.
In 1531, Bertrand d'Ornesan, Baron de Saint-Blancard tried to establish a French trading post at Pernambuco, Brazil.In 1534, Francis sent Jacques Cartier to explore the St. Lawrence River in Quebec to find "certain islands and lands where it is said he should find great quantities of gold and other rich things". In 1541, Francis sent Jean-François de la Roque de Roberval to settle Canada and to provide for the spread of "the Holy Catholic faith."
Soon, the Huguenots, whose Reformist religions was in conflict with  the French crown, attempted to colonize the New World to find a new ground for their religion and to contest the Catholic presence there.
Huguenot pirates such as François le Clerc attacked Catholic shipping repeatedly, raiding New World harbours. The Huguenots raided Hispaniola in 1553, fighting against the Spanish Catholic presence there, followed by raid on Cuba. La Havana was seized by Jacques de Sores in 1555.The first attempts at colonization were made under Pierre Richier and Jean de Léry. After the short-lived establishment of France Antarctique in Brazil from 1555 to 1567, they had to abandon, and finally resolved to make a stand back in France, centering on the city of La Rochelle for the organization of resistance.The first French expedition to Florida occurred in 1562, composed of Protestants, and was led by Jean Ribault and permitted the short-lived establishment of Fort Caroline, named after the French king Charles IX.These first attempts at Huguenot colonization would be taken over by Catholics, following the Huguenot repression in the French wars of religion.
Towards the end of his reign Henry IV of France started to look at the possibility of ventures abroad, with both America and the Levant being among the possibilities. In 1604, the French explorer Samuel Champlain initiated the first important French involvement in Northern America, founding Port Royal as the first permanent European settlement in North America north of Florida in 1605, and founding the first permanent French establishment at Quebec in 1608.
In 1632, Isaac de Razilly became involved, at the request of Cardinal Richelieu, in the colonization of Acadia, by taking possession of the Habitation at Port-Royal (now Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia) and developing it into a French colony. The King gave Razilly the official title of lieutenant-general for New France. He took on military tasks such as ordering the taking of control of Fort Pentagouet at Majabigwaduce on the Penobscot Bay, which had been given to France in an earlier Treaty, and to inform the English they were to vacate all lands North of Pemaquid. This resulted in all the French interests in Acadia being restored.
Robert de La Salle departed from La Rochelle, France, on July 24, 1684, with the objective of setting up a colony at the mouth of the Mississippi, eventually establishing Fort Saint Louis in Texas.The French colonial drive increased in the 17th century, the "conquest of the souls" being an integral part of the constitution of Nouvelle-France, leading to the development of the Jesuit missions in North America. The efforts of the Jesuits in North America were paralleled by the Jesuit China missions on the other side of the world.
In France, the Huguenots were finally defeated by Royal forces in the Siege of La Rochelle (1627–1628): Cardinal Richelieu blockaded the city for 14 months, until the city surrendered and lost its mayor and its privileges. The growing persecution of the Huguenots culminated with the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes by Louis XIV in 1685. Many Huguenots emigrated, founding such cities as New Rochelle in the vicinity of today's New York in 1689.
A colonizing party of 500 and a mission of four Franciscans were sent under a 1611 patent letter from the Regent Marie de Médicis.The colonial enterprise to found "France Équinoxiale" was led by Daniel de la Tousche, Sieur de la Ravardière, and François de Razilly. The outpost would later become the city of São Luís do Maranhão. The French arrived in the island in August 1612. One of the objectives of the mission was to establish trade in brazilwood and tobacco. When France and Spain (including Portugal in the Iberian Union) became allied through the marriage of Louis XIII with Anne of Austria in 1615, support for the colony was discontinued and the colonists abandoned. The Portuguese soon managed to expel the French from the colony.In 1624, settlement along the South American coast in what is today French Guiana began.
The French also started to establish smaller but more profitable colonies in the West Indies. A colony was founded on Saint Kitts in 1625, in sharing with the English until the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713, when it was occupied in its entirety.
The Compagnie des Îles de l'Amérique founded colonies in Guadeloupe and Martinique in 1635, and a colony was later founded on Saint Lucia by 1650. The food-producing plantations of these colonies were built and sustained through slavery, with the supply of slaves dependent on the African slave trade. Local resistance by the indigenous peoples resulted in the Carib Expulsion of 1660.
The most important Caribbean colonial possession did not come until 1664, when the colony of Saint-Domingue (modern Haiti) was founded on the western half of the Spanish island of Hispaniola.
Triangular trade developed and became extremely prosperous one, marked by intense exchanges with the New World (Nouvelle France in Canada, and the Antilles). French cities of the Atlantic Coast, mainly Nantes, La Rochelle, Lorient and Bordeaux, became very active in triangular trade with the New World, dealing in the slave trade with Africa, sugar trade with plantations of the Antilles, and fur trade with Canada. This was a period of high artistic, cultural and architectural achievements for these cities. In the 18th century, Saint-Domingue grew to be the richest sugar colony in the Caribbean.
On 21 September 1711, in an 11-day battle, the Corsaire René Duguay-Trouin captured Rio de Janeiro in the Battle of Rio de Janeiro with twelve ships and 6 000 men, in spite of the defence consisting of seven ships of the line, five forts and 12 000 men; he held the governor for ransom. Investors in this venture doubled their money, and Duguay-Trouin earned a promotion to Lieutenant général de la Marine.
Northern America became an important theater of the conflict between France and Great Britain in the Seven Years' War (1756–1763), known as the French and Indian War. The royal French forces allied with the various Native American forces in a Franco-Indian alliance. The conflict, the fourth such colonial war between the nations of France and Great Britain, resulted in the British conquest of Canada. The outcome was one of the most significant developments in a century of Anglo-French conflict.
To compensate its ally, Spain, for its loss of Florida to the British, France ceded its control of French Louisiana west of the Mississippi. France's colonial presence north of the Caribbean was reduced to the tiny islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, confirming Britain's position as the dominant colonial power in North America.
The eastern half of Hispaniola (modern Dominican Republic) also came under French rule for a short period, after being given to France by Spain in 1795.
France soon became again involved in North America, this time by supporting the American revolutionary war of independence. A Franco-American alliance was formed in 1778 between Louis XVI's France and the United States, during the American Revolutionary War. France successfully contributed in expelling the British from the nascent United States. The Treaty of Paris was signed on 3 September 1783, recognizing American independence and the end of hostilities.
When the French Revolution led to war in 1793 between Britain (America's leading trading partner), and France (the old ally, with a treaty still in effect), Washington and his cabinet decided on a policy of neutrality. In 1795 Washington supported the Jay Treaty, designed by Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton to avoid war with Britain and encourage commerce. The Jeffersonians vehemently opposed the treaty, but Washington's support proved decisive, and the U.S. and Britain were on friendly terms for a decade. However the foreign policy dispute polarized parties at home, leading to the First Party System.
The Jay Treaty convinced Paris that the United States was no longer a friend. By 1797 the French were openly seizing American ships, leading to an undeclared war known as the Quasi-War of 1798–99. President John Adams tried diplomacy; it failed. In 1798, the French demanded American diplomats pay huge bribes in order to see the French Foreign Minister Talleyrand, which the Americans rejected. The Jeffersonian Republicans, suspicious of Adams, demanded the documentation, which Adams released using X, Y and Z as codes for the names of the French diplomats. The XYZ Affair ignited a wave of nationalist sentiment. Overwhelmed, the U.S. Congress approved Adams' plan to organize the navy. Adams reluctantly signed the Alien and Sedition Acts as a wartime measure. Adams broke with the Hamiltonian wing of his Federalist Party and made peace with France in 1800.
On August 22, 1791, a widespread slave rebellion began the Haitian Revolution, which culminated with the establishment of the independent Empire of Haiti in 1804.
Napoleon Bonaparte decided not to keep the immense territory of Louisiana that France still possessed. The army he sent to take possession of the colony was first required to put down a revolution in Saint-Domingue (now Haiti); its failure to do so, coupled with the rupture of the Treaty of Amiens with the United Kingdom, prompted him to decide to sell Louisiana to the young United States. This was done on April 30, 1803, for the sum of 80 million francs (15 million dollars). American sovereignty was established on December 20, 1803.
Under Napoleon III, the French led a major expedition to Mexico, in the French intervention in Mexico (January 1862 – March 1867). Napoleon, using as a pretext the Mexican Republic's refusal to pay its foreign debts, planned to establish a French sphere of influence in North America by creating a French-backed monarchy in Mexico, a project that was supported by Mexican conservatives who resented the Mexican Republic's laicism. But his imperial dreams in Mexico would end in failure. The United States was unable to prevent this contravention of the Monroe Doctrine because of the American Civil War; Napoleon hoped that the Confederates would be victorious in that conflict, believing they would accept the new regime in Mexico.
During the American Civil War, Napoleon III positioned France to lead the pro-Confederate European powers. For a time, Napoleon III inched steadily toward officially recognizing the Confederacy, especially after the crash of the cotton industry and his exercise in regime-changing in Mexico. Some historians have also suggested that he was driven by a desire to keep the American states divided. Through 1862, Napoleon III entertained Confederate diplomats, raising hopes that he would unilaterally recognize the Confederacy. The Emperor, however, could do little without the support of the United Kingdom, and never officially recognized the Confederacy.
During the tail end of the 19th century French foreign policy was focused on the Scramble for Africa, colonies in Asia, dealing with  rising Germany in Europe.  The Americas were not a priority concern.
French relations with the New World suddenly became of great importance, in the context of a wider search for new allies, once France was at war with Germany in 1914.  Newfoundland, Canada, and the British West Indies were immediately at war as parts of the British Empire.  The French Canadian population, however, was less than enthusiastic about the war, despite the appeals to defend the ancestral homeland.  The eventual entry of the United States into the war was major boost to the Allies on the Western Front, including France, and it also paved the way for Latin American allies of the United States to declare war on the Central Powers (although they did not send troops to Europe) including Cuba, Panama, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Honduras, and Haiti.  Brazil did send a naval contribution against German submarines.
Following the war, France was again occupied with European and colonial matters, and especially with the threat of German rearmament.  Following the Fall of France in 1940, France was represented by two rival governments that attempted to gain international recognition, and maintain relations with the New World.  The conflict between the Free French movement and the Vichy regime came to the Americas with the 1941 capture of the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon by the Free French.  As in the last world war, the eventual entry of the United States into the conflict signaled the approach of the majority of Latin American states.  On 21 July 1940 the Pan American Union created a regional defence pact in the Americas to keep out Axis forces, but few Latin American nations sent troops to Europe.  The greatest impact of France's ties to the New World during the war, and perhaps in all of French history, were the contributions of the American and Canadian forces that landed in Normandy during D-Day, and participated in the subsequent Liberation of France.  In fact, General de Gaulle landed at Juno Beach, where the Canadians had first come ashore.
Following the war, France entered into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization with Canada and the United States to deter a repeat of France's occupation by an invading power, this time the Soviet Union.  France relations with (at least this part of) the New World were now much closer than for a century, but strains were now far in coming.  Both Canada and the US refused to back France's action during the Suez Crisis in 1957, and encouraged quick French decolonization in Africa.  Tensions with the English-speaking countries of North America became especially tense once Charles de Gaulle became president in 1958. He upset the United States by withdrawing French forces from NATO's command structure in 1959.  And he angered Canada by seeming to support Quebec's secession in his 1967 Vive le Québec libre speech in Montreal.
Since the 1950s, France has also been involved in building the European Economic Community (now the European Union) into a major world trade bloc, which has often led to trade disputes with the New World countries, especially over the issue of agricultural subsidies and tariffs.
France now has three overseas departments in the Americas: Guadeloupe, Martinique and French Guiana and three overseas collectivities: Saint Pierre et Miquelon, Saint Martin and Saint Barthélemy.
Security relations between France and the United States were greatly strengthened by the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in 2001, and France's participation in the American-led invasion of Afghanistan. This closenesswas short lived, however. Political relations between France and the United States were strained by vocal French popular and governmental opposition to the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq. However, most New World nations, especially the more populous ones, sided with France and not the United States on this occasion. El Salvador, the Dominican Republic, Honduras, Nicaragua participated in Multi-National Force – Iraq, whereas the governments of Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Cuba, Dominica, Ecuador, Mexico, and Venezuela were publicly in opposition to the Iraq War.
Since the replacement of George W. Bush and Jacques Chirac by Barack Obama and Nicolas Sarkozy, respectively, Franco-US relations have improved. France has been involved in disputes with Latin American countries, however, including with Colombia over the fate of Íngrid Betancourt, and with Mexico over Florence Cassez. Relations with Canada under Stephen Harper are quite close.The election of US President Donald Trump and the candidacy of Marion Maréchal-Le Pen reflect the parallel rise of nationalistic sentiments among conservatives in both the United States and France, perceiving immigration and globalism as threats to prosperity and security.
France–Africa relations
France–Asia relations
French colonial empire
French colonization of the Americas
Overseas France
CARIFORUM, as part of EU-African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States
EU-ACP Economic Partnership Agreements)
ACP-EU Development Cooperation
Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States
Anderson, Fred. Crucible of War: The Seven Years' War and the Fate of Empire in British North America, 1754–1766 (2007).
Blumenthal, Henry. France and the United States; Their Diplomatic Relation, 1789–1914 (1970).
Boucher, Philip P. France and the American Tropics to 1700: Tropics of Discontent? (2007).
Brazeau, Brian. Writing a new France, 1604–1632: empire and early modern French identity (2009).
Dickason, Olive Patricia. The Myth of the Savage: and the Beginnings of French Colonialism in the Americas (1984).
Eccles, W. J. The Canadian Frontier, 1534–1760 (1983).
Eccles, W. J. France in America (1990).
Moogk, Peter N. La Nouvelle France: the making of French Canada: a cultural history (2000).
Roberts, Walter Adolphe. The French in the West Indies (1971).
Ulrich Berger (October 24, 1921 – January 21, 2003) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and former member of the German Bundestag.
Berger already joined the CDU in 1945. He was a member of the German Bundestag from 1957 to 1961 and from 22 December 1964, when he succeeded Matthias Hoogen, until 1980. From 1969 to 1980 he was deputy chairman of the Bundestag's Committee on the Interior. From April 3 to July 12, 1958, he also served as a member of the North Rhine-Westphalian state parliament, succeeding Franz Luster-Haggeney. 
Herbst, Ludolf; Jahn, Bruno (2002).  Vierhaus, Rudolf (ed.). Biographisches Handbuch der Mitglieder des Deutschen Bundestages. 1949–2002 [Biographical Handbook of the Members of the German Bundestag. 1949–2002] (in German). München: De Gruyter - De Gruyter Saur. p. 1715. ISBN 978-3-11-184511-1.
Andrew Earl Kurka (born January 27, 1992) is a Paralympic alpine skier from Alaska who competes in the slalom, giant slalom, super G, downhill and super combined events. Kurka was a six-time Alaskan state champion in freestyle and Greco-Roman wrestling before he made it to the U.S. Paralympic National Team in 2010.  As a World Champion medal winning para-alpine skier, Kurka qualified to represent the U.S. Paralympic team at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi for his debut Paralympics.
On March 10, 2018, Kurka won the downhill at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in  Pyeongchang, South Korea, his first Paralympic medal.
Born in Anchorage on January 27, 1992, Kurka grew up on a farm in a small Alaskan village called Nikolaevsk, where Russian is the most common language. In the summer months he spends his time Palmer, Alaska, while Aspen, Colorado is his home during the winter.
Kurka got injured at the age of 13 after an ATV accident severely damaged three vertebrae in the middle of his spinal cord. Leaving his athletic career as a wrestler behind, he tried the monoski for the first time at the age of 15 on the encouragement of his physical therapist through the Challenge Alaska. Moreover, the North Face of Mt. Alyeska in Girdwood, Alaska offers some of the steepest, most harrowing inbounds terrain of any developed ski area in the U.S. Andrew Kurka became the first person in a monoski to ski this Christmas Chute.
Kurka became a para-alpine skier two years after his accident and made it his career after seeing the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver, Canada. He then made his international debut in the U.S. Paralympic National Team in 2010 and earned a spot on the U.S. Paralympic team for the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia. Andrew crashed during a training run right before Games in Sochi and injured his back. He was unable to compete during then 2014 Paralympic Games in Sochi. At the beginning of 2018 he was selected to represent the U.S. Paralympic Team during the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Kurka works as a country music DJ at Country Legends 100.9 in Wasilla, Alaska, during the summers. He also volunteers with Challenge Alaska.
Kurka was named as an Athlete Mentor for Classroom Champions in 2017. Classroom Champions is a non-profit organization partnering Olympic and Paralympic athletes with students and teachers in underserved communities. Andrew mentors students in San Diego, Washington D.C. and Twin Falls, Idaho.
In 2017, Kurka won 13 medals in international competitions and three at the World Championships in Tarvisio, Italy – one gold, one silver and one bronze – and is currently ranked the number-one sit skier in the world.At the age of 17, Kurka competed as the first wheelchair bodybuilder at the Crystal Cup in Anchorage, Alaska.The Alaska Children's Miracle Network took notice of Kurka's story and recruited him to be their "Miracle Child". As the 2007 CMN Hospitals Alaska Champion Ambassador, Kurka traveled widely, sharing his story with children whose futures were uncertain.
Andrew Kurka at the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee
Andrew Kurka at the International Paralympic Committee (also here)
Factory Agency
Adaptive Spirit
ADN News
Andrew Kurka prepares for Paralympics 2018 by KTUU
Andrew Kurka// story by Deanie Humphrys-Dunne 2018
William Pomeroy Crawford Greene (28 June 1884 – 10 May 1959) was an Australian-born English Conservative Party politician.
Greene was born on 28 June 1884 at his parent's home Iandra in Greenethorpe, Weddin Shire, New South Wales, Australia, the son of George Henry Greene and his wife Ellen.Greene registered a coat of arms in 1908 with the Ulster King of Arms in Dublin. This coat of arms had been "borne and used by his family" for some time and can be described as on a blue shield three golden stags inside a gold border. Above the shield emerging from a gold coronet the head of a stag also gold, marked with a green shamrock on the neck. The Lain motto was "Nec timeo nec sperno" ("I neither fear nor despise").
At the 1923 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Worcester. He held the seat until he retired from politics at the 1945 election.In 1933, he flew with Allen Bathurst, Lord Apsley from England to Australia.
Greene died on 10 May 1959 in The London Clinic. His estate was valued at £142,402. He was buried with his parents and brother in their private cemetery at their home Iandra in Australia.
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by Crawford Greene
Who's Who in Australia 1950: entry for Greene, William Pomeroy Crawford
Max Wilhelm Karl Draudt (11 March 1875, Darmstadt – 4 April 1953 Darmstadt) was a German entomologist, who specialised in Lepidoptera.
His collections of the Lepidoptera of Mexico are conserved in various institutions such as Senckenberg Museum, the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle and the Museum für Naturkunde.
Partial list of publications1919. Family: Lycaenidae, pp. 744–831, pls. 144–159. In Adalbert Seitz (1910–1924), Macrolepidoptera of the World, vol. 5. American Butterflies. Alfred Kernen Verlag, Stuttgart, 1139 pp., 194 pls.
1924 Family: Hesperiidae in Seitz. Macrolepidoptera of the world. Vol. .5. The American Rhopalocera. Stuttgart. vii, + 1139 pp., 203 pl.
Franz, E. 1953: [Draudt, M. W. K.] Ent. Z. 63 89-90
Inoue, H. 1954: [Draudt, M. W. K.]  Tinea 1 54, Portr.
Sachtleben, H. 1953: [Draudt, M. W. K.]  Beitr. Ent. 3 694-695
Salazar, J. A. 1999: [Draudt, M. W. K.] Bol. Cient. Museo Hist. Natural Manizales 3 75
Mario Bulfone (15 May 1935 – 9 December 2016), better known by his ring name Mario Milano, was a professional wrestler. Milano got his start in wrestling in Venezuela and later competed in Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, South Africa, Mexico and North America.
Bulfone, though born in Italy, grew up in Venezuela and began wrestling in Caracas at age 18 in 1953. A curfew prohibited anyone under 19 from being out after 9 o'clock, so he had to hide his identity to avoid trouble with the police. He wore a mask and wrestled as Black Diablo. After he turned 20, he wrestled without the mask under his real name.
In 1962, Bulfone moved to the United States to wrestle, originally under the name Mario La Pantera. A promoter felt that Americans would be unable to remember his name, so he gave Bulfone the name Mario Milano, naming him after Milan, Italy. He lived in Nashville, Tennessee, where he competed for the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).
With Jackie Fargo, he won his first championship, the Mid-America version of the NWA Southern Tag Team Championship, on 5 November 1963. After holding the title belts for one month, they dropped them to Tojo Yamamoto and Ivan Malenkov but regained them later in December 1963 when Malenkov left the territory and was a no-show at the title defense.On 2 March 1965, Milano again teamed with Fargo to win the Mid-America version of the NWA World Tag Team Championship. He also teamed with Len Rossi to win the Mid-America version of the NWA Southern Tag Team Championship six times - in total, he won that title nine times.
In 1967, Milano was offered a three-month stint wrestling in Australia for promoter Jim Barnett. His stay was then extended, after which he was offered a contract and moved to Australia permanently. Wrestling in the Australian World Championship Wrestling promotion, he teamed with Red Bastien to win the IWA World Tag Team Championship three times that year. He also had two reigns in 1967 as IWA World Heavyweight Champion after defeating Killer Kowalski and Ripper Collins.He used the Atomic Drop as a finisher, and did an angle where he used it on a 400-pound (180 kg) wrestler.
In 2008 Mario appeared on Australian TV for International Wrestling Australia (IWA) on their series Main Event Wrestling on the Aurora Community Channel. He featured in 6 shows in an angle with resident heel champion Mark Mercedes.
Milano also appears in Roy Slaven's South Coast News series, set in the NSW South Coast town of Ulladulla, as the proprietor of the Bluebird Cafe and the captain/coach of the local A-Grade cricket team.Milano made a live appearance on Saturday 14 May 2011 for Melbourne-based promotion Professional Championship Wrestling.
In 1970 Milano wrestled for the World Wide Wrestling Federation in the Northeast (New York) territory where he was a babyface. Feuding with Eric the Red and Professor Toru Tanaka. He only stayed with the company for a year.
Bulfone wrestled for All Japan Pro Wrestling on tours in 1975 to 1985 after World Championship Wrestling shut down.
Bulfone died on 9 December 2016 at the age of 81.
Mario Bulfone was born in Trieste, Italy and later moved to Venezuela. He lived in Australia at the time of his death. Bulfone had five children.
NWA Mid-America
NWA Southern Tag Team Championship (Mid-America version) (9 times) - with Jackie Fargo (2), Len Rossi (6) and Danny Hodge
NWA World Tag Team Championship (Mid-America version) (1 time) - with Jackie Fargo
World Championship Wrestling (Australia)
IWA World Heavyweight Championship (4 times)
IWA World Tag Team Championship (10 times) - with Red Bastien (3), Billy White Wolf (1), Antonio Pugliese (1), Dominic DeNucci (1), The Spoiler (1), Waldo Von Erich (1), Spiros Arion (1) and Mark Lewin (1)
NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
NWA Austra-Asian Tag Team Championship (2 times) - with Bugsy McGraw (1) and Larry O'Dea (1)
World Brass Knuckles Championship (4 times)
International Wrestling Australia
IWA Hall of Fame
Mario Milano appeared as the Russian muscleman in Chang Cheh's The Boxer From Shantung in 1972.
The Boxer From Shantung (1972) - Russian Boxer
The Spectre of Edgar Allan Poe (1974) - Joseph
Zebra Force (1976) - Peter
High Rolling (1977) - Country Fighter
Beyond Evil (1980) - Dr. Frank Albanos
Profile at Professional Championship Wrestling Entertainment at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 October 2007)
Mario Milano at IMDb
Massimo Pezzali (born 14 November 1967 in Pavia), commonly known as Max Pezzali, is an Italian singer-songwriter.
He was the principal singer and songwriter of the pop rock group 883. In 2004, he released his first solo album Il Mondo Insieme a Te. The album was successful in Italy, and since then Pezzali has remained a solo artist. Taking into account his solo work, as well as his work dating back to 883, Pezzali has sold over 10 million albums, thereby becoming one of the most popular singers in the history of Italian music.
Max Pezzali was born on 14 November 1967 in Pavia, Italy. His parents owned a florist shop near the family home.During his high school years, Pezzali was held back for one year because he did not achieve the required passing grades. It was in this class that he met his friend and future bandmate, Mauro Repetto. Pezzali and Repetto both shared a love for rock and roll music and it was this commonality that led them to the idea of starting a band. Together they went on holiday to the United States. During their stay they purchased a cheap synthesizer, a drumkit and some CDs, and upon their return to Pavia, immediately began writing music.
Being big fans of motorbikes, especially Harley-Davidsons, Repetto and Pezzali decided to name the group '883' after the mark's Sportster. Pezzali and Repetto started their murisc career at the Castrocaro Music Festival in 1991, with the song "Non Me La Menare", which became a smash hit in Italy. Their first album, Hanno Ucciso L'Uomo Ragno ("They Killed Spider-Man"), hit number 1 on the Italian charts, in 1992. Their second album, Nord sud ovest est, produced the number 1 singles "Sei un mito" and "Come mai". In 1993, Pezzali and Rosario Fiorello won the 'Festival Italiano' with the song "Come Mai".In 1994, Repetto left the band on good terms to pursue his dream of becoming a movie director in America. Pezzali recruited new members and continued the group. The departure of Repetto did not stop the group's productivity: they continued to perform, and in 1995 they released the album La Donna, Il Sogno E Il Grande Incubo which sold over 1.2 million copies. In 1997, 883 released La Dura Legge del Gol, followed by the collection Gli Anni in 1998, Grazie Mille in 1999, Mille Grazie in 2000 (released exclusively in Austria, Switzerland and Germany) and Uno in Più in 2001. 883 continued without Pezzali in 2002, when he announced his plans to begin a solo career and to take full credit for his songs. Over the course of their musical career (1992–2002), 883 released six studio albums, released over 25 music videos, and frequently toured throughout Italy.
In 2003, Pezzali began work on his first solo album, Il Mondo Insieme a Te, which was released in 2004. His style of writing differed very little from his music with 883. The main themes of his songs were still friendship, honesty, and relationships. In 2005, a greatest hits album was released, credited '883/Max Pezzali' and which included a DVD with all of the music videos made to date; it stayed at the top of the album chart for 10 weeks. His second solo album, Time Out, was released during in 2007. It proved to be a great success, with its most popular songs remaining at the top of the charts throughout the summer. Pezzali is beloved by his fans for his friendly approach, charismatic stage performance, and his commitment to his music. In 2008, he came out with the new album Max Live 2008, which contained the greatest hits of his live performances and also included two unpublished songs ("Mezzo Pieno o Mezzo Vuoto" and "Ritornerò"). In the summer of 2008, the 'Max Live Tour' began in June and took in more than 25 Italian cities. The first concert took place in Monza; Pezzali followed with more 24 concerts and ended with his last stage performance on 31 December at 'Castelsardo'. Following this tour, he decided to take a break, when he decided to place his musical life in the background to dedicate himself to his newborn son. During these three years of semi-time off, he found time to collaborate with other singers and even participated in some reality shows (for example, participating as a guest star on X-Factor Italia in 2009). In 2010, he decided to take a year long sabbatical to write his next album, which was released the following year.
In 2011, Pezzali released the new album Terraferma, while 2012 saw the release of a collection of his songs sung with the most famous rap of Italy, included on the album Hanno Ucciso L'Uomo Ragno 2012. In 2013, he released his album Max 20, which contains 14 old hits by 883 and from his solo years, in duet with various Italian music artists, along with five songs that were previously unpublished; in 2015, Astronave Max was released. 2017 saw the launch of his new single "Le Canzoni alla Radio", featuring Nile Rodgers. That same year, Pezzali released his album, also entitled Le Canzoni alla Radio and which contained old hits by 883 and Pezzali on his own, plus seven other previously unpublished songs. In 2018, Pezzali began his tour with Nek and Francesco Renga and released Max Nek Renga, Il Disco, which contains live performances of Pezzali, Nek and Renga.
Pezzali is currently living in Rome, where he used to live with Martina Marinucci, his ex-wife. Max and Martina were married on 2 April 2005. After 13 years together, they officially separated in 2014. They have a son, Hilo, born in 2008. A few months after his separation, he became engaged to Debora Pelamatti. Pezzali is a big fan of motorbikes, especially of Harley-Davidson models (his group was named after the 883cc Harley-Davidson Sportster), and since 2000, he has been a partner of an authorized Harley-Davidson dealership in Pavia. He is a great fan of comics and his favorites are the superhero comics published by Marvel and the Italian comic book series Rat-Man created by Leo Ortolani. In fact, he has a collection of over 1300 comics. He is also a great fan of Bruce Springsteen, who represented an important source of inspiration for his music career. Pezzali is also a supporter of Inter Milan and has even dedicated a song to his football team, entitled "Sei Fantastica".
Studio albums1992 – Hanno Ucciso L'Uomo Ragno
1993 – Nord Sud Ovest Est
1995 – La Donna, Il Sogno E Il Grande Incubo
1997 – La Dura Legge del Gol!
1999 – Grazie Mille
2001 – Uno in PiùCompilations1994 – Remix '94
1998 – Gli Anni
2000 – Mille Grazie (only released in Austria, Switzerland and Germany)
2002 – Love/Life: L'Amore e La Vita al Tempo degli 883
2013 – Collection: 883
Studio albums2004 – Il Mondo Insieme a Te
2007 – Time Out
2011 – Terraferma
2015 – Astronave Max
2020 – Qualcosa di nuovoCompilations2005 – Tutto Max
2012 – Hanno Ucciso L'Uomo Ragno 2012
2013 – Max 20
2017 – Le Canzoni alla radioLive albums2008 – Max Live 2008
2018 – Max Nek Renga, Il Disco (feat. Nek and Francesco Renga)
In 1998, Pezzali dedicated much of his time to writing a book, which explained in detail the inspiration and details of his lyrics. It was titled Stessa Storia, Stesso Posto, Stesso Bar. During the same year, he starred in the movie Jolly Blue along with his old band-mates; the film featured many of 883's biggest hits, while the story-line was centered around the lyrics of selected songs from the band's repertoire.
In 2002, he was chosen to write the lyrics and record the vocals for the theme-tune of the Italian version of the movie Treasure Planet.
On 8 April 2008, he released his first novel, Per Prendersi una Vita.
In 2013, he released an autobiographical novel, I Cowboy Non-Mollano Mai – La Mia Storia.
He dubbed the Italian take on Jack Taggert in the movie Iron Man 3.
Official website
Ann Carter "Bootsie" Calhoun (March 16, 1923 – February 21, 2014) was an American politician.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Calhoun graduated from the University of Georgia. Calhoun served on the Richmond County, Georgia Board of Education for eight years. She then served in the Georgia House of Representatives as a Republican in 1975.
Anne Carter "Bootsie" Calhoun at Find a Grave
Gabriel Fliflet (born 18 July 1958 in Åland, Finland) is a Norwegian accordion player and vocalist, known for his multicultural musical expressions and numerous recordings. He is the brother of bass player and sagspiller Andreas Fliflet, and the son of Albert Lange Fliflet (b. 1908), who have done the achievement of translating the Finnish national epic Kalevala a New Norwegian which is close to the language of Western Telemark.
Fliflet grew up in Skåne and moved to Bergen six years old. During the time of high school at Bergen Katedralskole, he and three fellow students established the band Rimfakse (1975), later he joined "Fri Flyt", and collaborated with Shetland musicians like Willie Hunter and Peerie Willie Johnson. He has worked with Berit Opheim, Sondre Bratland and Nils Økland. Later he established Novgorod (Nygård's Quartet) playing popular music from the region around Baltic Sea.
By the name Fliflet/Hamre he and percussionist Ole Hamre has since 1991 toured in Norway and internationally. The quartet "SALT" (2006–) he plays Shetland and Western Norwegian folk music with Maurice Henderson, Annlaug Børsheim and Olav Christer Rossebø. Fliflet composed the commissioned work "Elvemot" for Osafestivalen at Voss 2006. Moreover, he has driven folk-bar in Bergen (1988–) and since 1999 musical host on "Folkemusikklubben Columbi Egg" in Bergen.
1994: Vossajazz Award
2000: "Statens arbeidsstipend"
2011: "Folkelarmprisen", This year's Folk Musician
2019: "Bananasmjörhonor",for good Vossajazz
2008: Rio Aga (NorCD)
2011: Åresong (NorCD)
2013: Valseria (Etnisk Musikklubb)
Fliflet/Hamre Energiforsyning1994: Ivar Aasen Goes Bulgaria (Lahrmsteiner Elite)
Official website 
Official website
Gabriel Fliflet on YouTube
Seagoe Station which was opened on 31 January 1842 by the Ulster Railway Co. and closed on 12 September 1842 when the railway line was completed as far as Portadown and Portadown railway station was opened to passengers on the 12 September 1842  The former station is on the mainline between Lurgan and Portadown on the Belfast-Newry and Dublin Connolly line, located in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Levínská Olešnice is a village and municipality in Semily District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
Buttsweat and Tears is an EP by the Chicago punk rock band The Lawrence Arms, released October 27, 2009 by Fat Wreck Chords. It was the first recorded output from the band in three years, following their 2006 album Oh! Calcutta! In the interim, singer/bassist Brendan Kelly and drummer Neil Hennessy performed in The Falcon, Hennessy also performed in the Smoking Popes, and singer/guitarist Chris McCaughan performed in Sundowner.
The band recorded the EP in June 2009. Kelly announced its title in August, noting that the band had come up with the title and cover art ten years previous and intended to use it for a debut 7-inch that was never recorded (the band's first release was the album A Guided Tour of Chicago):
When my band, the Lawrence Arms, first started, we had this idea for a seven inch. We had the title picked out and we even knew what the cover was gonna be. We promised ourselves that our first seven inch would have this name and this cover. Well, we never did a seven inch (except for one that was part of a label series, which meant that the cover and the title were sort of more beholden to the big picture rather than our dumb ideas) and the whole thing kind of languished, and now, ten years later, in conjunction with our ten year anniversary show and subsequent west coast run (the first run in over 2 years), we've got our first real seven inch on our hands. And guess what? We fucking named it the name that we thought up ten years ago.
The EP's release date and cover art were announced the following week. It was released both as a 7-inch vinyl record and as a digital download, the latter including an extra song. The band supported the release with a tenth anniversary performance in October 2009 at the Metro Chicago, followed by a seven-date headlining tour of Arizona and California the following month with Teenage Bottlerocket and Cobra Skulls. The tracklisting for the physical release was announced on October 5, 2009.
Chris McCaughan - guitar, vocals, bass guitar on "The Redness in the West"
Brendan Kelly - bass guitar, vocals, guitar on "The Redness in the West"
Neil Hennessy - drums
A-Frame is an open-source web framework for building virtual reality (VR) experiences. It is maintained by developers from Supermedium (Diego Marcos, Kevin Ngo) and Google (Don McCurdy). A-Frame is an entity component system framework for Three.js where developers can create 3D and WebVR scenes using HTML. HTML provides a familiar authoring tool for web developers and designers while incorporating a popular game development pattern used by engines such as Unity.
A-Frame was originally developed within the Mozilla VR team during mid-to-late 2015. A-Frame was created in order to allow web developers and designers to author 3D and VR experiences with HTML without having to know WebGL. A-Frame's first public release was on December 16, 2015. On December 16, 2019 A-Frame version 1.0.0 was released.
All online IDEs support A-Frame as a result of being based on HTML. Documentation is available for the API. Support for developers committing to the library is provided via GitHub issues, while support for developers building apps and web pages is provided via StackOverflow. Real-time on-line support is provided via Slack. Most of the developers are also on Twitter.
Mozilla Hubs Chat room software uses A-Frame.
Three.js
HTML
Entity component system
WebVR
Official website
Magnesium Elektron Ltd (MEL or the Mag) was a British chemical company which produces magnesium and zirconium metals and compounds. Since 2018 it has been known as Luxfer MEL Technologies, following a series of mergers and acquisitions. It is still based in Manchester.
The company was founded in 1934, as the British Magnesium (Elektronmetal) Ltd. In 1935 it became Magnesium Elektron Ltd, formed as a joint venture between ICI (48%), I.G. Farbenindustrie (30%) and F.A. Hughes & Co (22%). It started by producing Elektron  (or Elektronmetall) under licence. Elektron was first developed in 1908 by Gustav Pistor and Wilhelm Moschel at the Bitterfeld works of Chemische Fabrik Griesheim-Elektron (CFGE or CFG), whose headquarters was in Griesheim am Main, Germany.
In 1936, the company opened a factory on Lumns Lane at Clifton Junction, to the north west of Manchester, to produce magnesium metal. A second plant near Burnley began operation in 1943. During the Second World War, the company made an important contribution to the nation's war effort producing thousands of tons of magnesium metal alloys for the aircraft industry.During the late 1940s, the company diversified into the production of zirconium and its compounds, and was acquired by the Distillers Company in 1951. Zirconium carbonate production commenced in 1956, to meet a growing demand from the paint, paper and textile industries.
In the 1950s MEL developed magnesium alloys (known collectively as magnox) with non-oxidising properties for use in the cladding of fuel rods for the UK's magnox nuclear power stations. The production of hafnium metal for use in Britain’s nuclear submarines began in 1958.
In 1961, Magnesium Elektron became a wholly owned subsidiary of the British Aluminium Company. In 1996, the company was sold to the Luxfer Group. In 2018 it was recombined with MEL Chemicals to become Luxfer MEL Technologies.
http://www.gracesguide.co.uk/Magnesium_Elektron
General elections were held in Cameroon on 24 April 1988 to elect a President and National Assembly. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement as the sole legal party. Its leader, incumbent Paul Biya was the only candidate in the presidential election, and was re-elected unopposed. 
For the first time since 1960 voters had a choice of candidates in the National Assembly election, with two or more CPDM candidates contesting each constituency, and a total of 324 candidates running for the 180 seats in the enlarged Assembly. Nevertheless, the CPDM won all 180 seats with a 90.3% turnout.
Epichrysocharis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.
Key to Nearctic eulophid genera
Universal Chalcidoidea Database
Andreas Karl Engel (born 7 January 1961)  is a German neuroscientist. He is the director of the Department of Neurophysiology and Pathophysiology at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE).
Andreas Engel studied medicine and philosophy at Saarland University, Homburg, at the Technical University of Munich, and at the Goethe University Frankfurt in Germany. After his medical exams (German Staatsexamen), he received his Doctor of Medicine (Dr. med.) from the Technical University Munich in 1987. 
In 1987–1995 Engel was a post-doctoral fellow with Wolf Singer at the Max Planck Institute for Brain Research, Frankfurt, Germany. From 1996-2000, Engel headed a research group at the Max Planck Institute for Brain Research which was funded by the Heisenberg Program of the German Research Foundation (DFG). Between fall 1997 and summer 1998, he also was affiliated as a Daimler-Benz Fellow to the Berlin Institute for Advanced Study. 
From 2000-2002, he worked at the Jülich Research Centre as head of the Cellular Neurobiology Group at the Institute for Medicine. In 2002, he was appointed to the Chair of Neurophysiology at the UKE. Engel is a member of the Academy of Sciences and Humanities in Hamburg. Since 2011, he is the coordinator of Collaborative Research Centre SFB 936 "Multi-Site Communication in the Brain" (with C. Gerloff, Dept. of Neurology, UKE).
Andreas Engel has become known by his work on the so-called "binding problem". His research focuses on the hypothesis that temporal synchrony serves for dynamic coordination of signals in the brain. In addition to working on the experimental validation of this hypothesis, Engel pursues research on its cognitive and theoretical implications.
As a postdoctoral researcher with Wolf Singer at the Max Planck Institute, Engel was involved in studies that demonstrated the relevance of neural synchrony, in particular of so-called gamma waves, for processing of perceptual information. In particular, the group provided evidence that temporal correlations can serve for the binding of features into coherent sensory representations.
In addition to addressing the relevance of synchrony and neuronal oscillations in the visual system, the work of Engel's group yielded evidence for a relation between neural synchrony and visual awareness. In addition, Engel and coworkers contributed to demonstrating a functional role of neural synchrony for sensorimotor coupling.
In the past 15 years, Engel's group has expanded their work to the human brain, using EEG and MEG in combination with source modeling techniques. The results of these studies demonstrate the importance of neuronal oscillations and synchrony for perceptual processing, attention, working memory, decision-making and consciousness.
Recent work of the group on the interaction of visual, auditory and tactile systems suggests a role of temporal binding for multisensory integration. The group has developed novel methods for the electrophysiological analysis of resting state network activity. Engel's group also applies these approaches for the study of network malfunction in patients with movement disorders, multiple sclerosis and schizophrenia, in studies on pain, and altered networks after early sensory deprivation. 
Engel also explores implications of these neurophysiogical results for theories of perception, cognition and action. A major focus of his work are the implications of the studies on neural synchrony for understanding the neural correlates of consciousness. Recent papers address links between neural dynamics and enactive views of cognition, investigating the grounding of cognition in sensorimotor coupling.
1995-2000, Heisenberg-Fellowship, German Research Foundation (DFG)
1997-1998 Daimler-Benz Fellowship at the Berlin Institute for Advanced Study, Germany
2008, elected as member of the Academy of Sciences and Humanities in Hamburg, Germany
2011, award of an ERC Advanced Grant, European Research Council (with P. König, University of Osnabrück)
Gray CM, König P, Engel AK, Singer W (March 1989). "Oscillatory responses in cat visual cortex exhibit inter-columnar synchronization which reflects global stimulus properties". Nature. 338 (6213): 334–7. doi:10.1038/338334a0. PMID 2922061. S2CID 4281744.
Engel AK, König P, Kreiter AK, Singer W (May 1991). "Interhemispheric synchronization of oscillatory neuronal responses in cat visual cortex". Science. 252 (5009): 1177–9. doi:10.1126/science.252.5009.1177. PMID 2031188. S2CID 6520820.
Munk MH, Roelfsema PR, König P, Engel AK, Singer W (April 1996). "Role of reticular activation in the modulation of intracortical synchronization". Science. 272 (5259): 271–4. doi:10.1126/science.272.5259.271. PMID 8602512. S2CID 10399718.
Roelfsema PR, Engel AK, König P, Singer W (January 1997). "Visuomotor integration is associated with zero time-lag synchronization among cortical areas". Nature. 385 (6612): 157–61. doi:10.1038/385157a0. PMID 8990118. S2CID 4352326.
Engel AK, Fries P, Singer W (October 2001). "Dynamic predictions: oscillations and synchrony in top-down processing". Nature Reviews. Neuroscience. 2 (10): 704–16. doi:10.1038/35094565. PMID 11584308. S2CID 13224138.
Engel AK, Singer W (January 2001). "Temporal binding and the neural correlates of sensory awareness". Trends in Cognitive Sciences. 5 (1): 16–25. doi:10.1016/S1364-6613(00)01568-0. PMID 11164732. S2CID 11922975.
Womelsdorf T, Schoffelen JM, Oostenveld R,  et al. (June 2007). "Modulation of neuronal interactions through neuronal synchronization" (PDF). Science. 316 (5831): 1609–12. doi:10.1126/science.1139597. PMID 17569862. S2CID 32612600.
Siegel M, Donner TH, Oostenveld R, Fries P, Engel AK (November 2008). "Neuronal synchronization along the dorsal visual pathway reflects the focus of spatial attention". Neuron. 60 (4): 709–19. doi:10.1016/j.neuron.2008.09.010. PMID 19038226. S2CID 19010227.
Donner TH, Siegel M, Fries P, Engel AK (September 2009). "Buildup of choice-predictive activity in human motor cortex during perceptual decision making". Current Biology. 19 (18): 1581–5. doi:10.1016/j.cub.2009.07.066. hdl:1721.1/96198. PMID 19747828. S2CID 7070852.
Hipp JF, Engel AK, Siegel M (January 2011). "Oscillatory synchronization in large-scale cortical networks predicts perception". Neuron. 69 (2): 387–96. doi:10.1016/j.neuron.2010.12.027. hdl:1721.1/92314. PMID 21262474. S2CID 7658076.
Supp GG, Siegel M, Hipp JF, Engel AK (December 2011). "Cortical hypersynchrony predicts breakdown of sensory processing during loss of consciousness". Current Biology. 21 (23): 1988–93. doi:10.1016/j.cub.2011.10.017. PMID 22100063.
Siegel M, Donner TH, Engel AK (February 2012). "Spectral fingerprints of large-scale neuronal interactions". Nature Reviews. Neuroscience. 13 (2): 121–34. doi:10.1038/nrn3137. PMID 22233726. S2CID 8756808.
Hipp JF, Hawellek DJ, Corbetta M, Siegel M, Engel AK (June 2012). "Large-scale cortical correlation structure of spontaneous oscillatory activity". Nature Neuroscience. 15 (6): 884–90. doi:10.1038/nn.3101. PMC 3861400. PMID 22561454.
Engel AK, Maye A, Kurthen M, König P (May 2013). "Where's the action? The pragmatic turn in cognitive science". Trends in Cognitive Sciences. 17 (5): 202–9. doi:10.1016/j.tics.2013.03.006. PMID 23608361. S2CID 16057054.
Engel AK, Gerloff C, Hilgetag CC, Nolte G (November 2013). "Intrinsic coupling modes: multiscale interactions in ongoing brain activity". Neuron. 80 (4): 867–86. doi:10.1016/j.neuron.2013.09.038. PMID 24267648.
Website Dept. of Neurophysiology and Pathophysiology, UKE
There are two species of gecko  named big-scaled dwarf gecko:
Sphaerodactylus macrolepis, distributed in Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, and the British Virgin Islands in the Caribbean
Sphaerodactylus grandisquamis, endemic to Puerto Rico
Rudby Hall, Hutton Rudby, Skutterskelfe, North Yorkshire is a country house dating from 1838. Its origins are older but the present building was built for the 10th Viscount Falkland and his wife by the architect Anthony Salvin. The house is Grade II* listed. 
Lucius Cary, Viscount Falkland inherited the Rudby estate from his aunt, Elizabeth Cary, Lady Amherst in 1830. At that time, the house was called Leven Grove. In the same year, Falkland married Lady Amelia FitzClarence, an illegitimate daughter of William IV and his long-time mistress Dorothea Jordan. On the King's death in 1837, Amelia, with her brothers and sisters, was among the main beneficiaries of her father's will. The Falklands had already commissioned Anthony Salvin to build a new house on the site of the older mansion. The total cost was £16,000. The Falkland family retained ownership of the estate until the end of the 19th century. By this time the house had been renamed Skutterskelfe Hall. It was used subsequently as a family home, a billet during World War II, and the headquarters of a chemicals company. Since the early 21st century it has reverted to use as a home and an events venue, and has seen a further change of name to Rudby Hall. Its first guest was reputedly the singer Liam Gallagher, who described it as a "top gaff [with] nice people". As of 2020, the hall is for sale.
The architectural historian Jill Allibone considered the hall "a rather large, plain classical building", describing it as Salvin's first foray into the Italian villa style. The building is of two storeys and seven bays, and is constructed in sandstone ashlar. Pevsner notes the porch as a later addition. The hall is a Grade II* listed building. Its listing records the "lovingly restored high-quality Victorian decoration" of the interior.Various subsidiary structures on the estate have their own Grade II listings; the pump house, the gate lodge, and walls, gate piers and a balustrade in the gardens.
Allibone, Jill (1988). Anthony Salvin: Pioneer of Gothic Revival Architecture. Cambridge: Lutterworth Press. ISBN 978-0-7188-2707-6.CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
Pevsner, Nikolaus (1966). Yorkshire: The North Riding. The Buildings of England. Harmondsworth, Middlesex: Penguin Books. OCLC 1053637975.CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
Wright, G.N. (1837). The Life and Reign of William the Fourth. London: Fisher, Son, & Co.CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
The Norwegian Union of Bookbinders and Cardboard Workers (Norwegian: Norsk Bokbinder- og Kartonasjearbeiderforbund, NBKF) was a trade union representing workers involved in bookbinding and manufacturing packaging in Norway.
The union was founded on 1 January 1898, and it affiliated to the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions in 1900.  By 1924, it had 1,246 members, and by 1963, this had grown to 4,556.  In 1930, it adopted its final name.  In 1967, it merged with the Norwegian Lithographic and Chemographic Union and the Norwegian Union of Typographers, to form the Norwegian Graphical Union.
1899: Harald Jensen
1902: Aug. Gunersen
1906: A. Steinhauser
1911: Lorentz E. Svendsen
1914: Hans Aas
1930: Øistein Marthinsen
1953: Johan M. Bøe
The SUN workstation was a modular computer system designed at Stanford University in the early 1980s. It became the seed technology for many commercial products, including the original workstations from Sun Microsystems.
In 1979 Xerox donated some Alto computers, developed at their Palo Alto Research Center, to Stanford's Computer Science Department, as well as other universities that were developing the early Internet. The Altos were connected using Ethernet to form several local area networks. The SUN's design was inspired by that of the Alto, but used lower-cost modular components. The project name was derived from the initials of the campus' Stanford University Network.Professor Forest Baskett suggested the best-known configuration: a relatively low-cost personal workstation for computer-aided logic design work. The design created a 3M computer: a 1 million instructions per second (MIPS) processor, 1 Megabyte of memory and a 1 Megapixel raster scan bit-map graphics display. Sometimes the $10,000 estimated price was called the fourth "M" — a "Megapenny".
Director of Computer Facilities Ralph Gorin suggested other configurations and initially funded the project.
Graduate student Andy Bechtolsheim designed the hardware, with several other students and staff members assisting with software and other aspects of the project. Vaughan Pratt became unofficial faculty leader of the project in 1980.Three key technologies made the SUN workstation possible: very large-scale integration (VLSI) integrated circuits, Multibus and ECAD.
ECAD (Electronic Computer Assisted Design, now known as Electronic design automation) allowed a single designer to quickly develop systems of greater complexity.
The Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (SAIL) had pioneered personal display terminals, but the 1971 system was showing its age. Bechtolsheim used the Stanford University Drawing System (SUDS) to design the SUN boards on the SAIL system. SUDS had been originally developed for the Foonly computer.
The Structured Computer Aided Logic Design (SCALD) package was then used to verify the design, automate layout and produce wire-wrapped prototypes and then printed circuit boards.VLSI integrated circuits finally allowed for a high-level of hardware functionality to be included in a single chip.  The graphics display controller was the first board designed, published in 1980. A Motorola 68000 CPU, along with memory, a parallel port controller and a serial port controller, were included on the main CPU board designed by Bechtolsheim. The third board was an interface to the 2.94 Mbits/second experimental Ethernet (before the speed was standardized at 10 Mbits/second).
The Multibus computer interface made it possible to use standard enclosures, and to use circuit boards made by different vendors to create other configurations.
For example, the CPU board combined with a multi-port serial controller created a terminal server (called a TIP, for Terminal Interface Processor) which connected many terminals to the Digital Equipment Corporation time-sharing systems at Stanford or anywhere on the Internet.
Configuring multiple Ethernet controllers (including commercial ones, once they were available) with one CPU board created a router. William Yeager wrote the software, which was later adopted and evolved by Cisco Systems on its version of the hardware.
Les Earnest licensed the CPU board for one of the first commercial low-cost laser printer controllers at a company called Imagen.
The processor board was combined with a prototype high performance graphics display by students of James H. Clark.
That group later formed Silicon Graphics Incorporated.Eventually about ten SUN workstations were built during 1981 and 1982, after which Stanford declined to build any more. Bechtolsheim then licensed the hardware design to several vendors, but was frustrated that none of them had chosen to build a workstation.:20Vinod Khosla, also from Stanford, convinced Bechtolsheim along with Scott McNealy to found Sun Microsystems in order to build the Sun-1 workstation, which included some improvements to the earlier design.Other faculty members who did research using SUN workstations included David Cheriton, Brian Reid, and John Hennessy.
NuMachine, a similar MIT project
"SUN display". Stanford University. January 2001. Retrieved May 1, 2011.
The 2014–15 UEFA Women's Champions League knockout phase began on 8 October 2014 and concluded on 14 May 2015 with the final at Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark in Berlin, Germany to decide the champions of the 2014–15 UEFA Women's Champions League. A total of 32 teams competed in the knockout phase.Times from 26 October 2014 up to 28 March 2015 (round of 16, quarter-finals first legs and first day of second legs) are CET (UTC+1), all other times are CEST (UTC+2).
UEFA has scheduled the competition as follows. In contrast to previous seasons, quarter-finals and semi-finals are now played on weekends.
The knockout phase involves 32 teams: 22 teams which qualified directly, and 10 teams which qualified from the qualifying round (eight group winners and two best runners-up).Each tie in the knockout phase, apart from the final, was played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scored more goals on aggregate over the two legs advanced to the next round. If the aggregate score was level, the away goals rule was applied, i.e. the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs advanced. If away goals were also equal, then 30 minutes of extra time was played. The away goals rule was again applied after extra time, i.e. if there were goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score was still level, the visiting team advanced by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals were scored during extra time, the tie was decided by penalty shoot-out. In the final, which was played as a single match, if scores were level at the end of normal time, extra time was played, followed by penalty shoot-out if scores remained tied.
The mechanism of the draws for each round was as follows:
In the draw for the round of 32, 16 teams were seeded and 16 teams were unseeded, based on their UEFA club coefficients at the beginning of the season. The seeded teams were drawn against the unseeded teams, with the seeded teams hosting the second leg. Teams from the same group or the same association could not be drawn against each other.
In the draws for the round of 16 onwards, there were no seedings, and teams from the same group or the same association could be drawn against each other.
Below were the 32 teams which qualified for the knockout phase (with their 2014 UEFA club coefficients).
Notes
The draw was held on 22 August 2014. The first legs were played on 8 and 9 October, and the second legs were played on 15 and 16 October 2014.
Fortuna Hjørring won 9–0 on aggregate.
2–2 on aggregate. Gintra Universitetas won 5–4 on penalties. 
Barcelona won 4–0 on aggregate.
Rosengård won 5–1 on aggregate.
Lyon won 14–0 on aggregate.
Neulengbach won 4–3 on aggregate.
Zürich won 7–2 on aggregate.
Glasgow City won 3–2 on aggregate.
Torres won 7–3 on aggregate.
Paris Saint-Germain won 3–1 on aggregate.
Zvezda Perm won 8–3 on aggregate.
Frankfurt won 6–2 on aggregate.
Wolfsburg won 3–1 on aggregate.
Brøndby won 3–2 on aggregate.
Linköping won 4–2 on aggregate.
Bristol Academy won 6–1 on aggregate.
The draw was held on 22 August 2014. The first legs were played on 8 and 9 November, and the second legs were played on 12 and 13 November 2014.
Notes
Frankfurt won 9–0 on aggregate.
Brøndby won 5–2 on aggregate.
Wolfsburg won 11–0 on aggregate.
Paris Saint-Germain won 2–1 on aggregate.
Glasgow City won 5–4 on aggregate.
Linköping won 5–3 on aggregate.
Rosengård won 4–1 on aggregate.
Bristol Academy won 2–1 on aggregate.
The draw was held on 19 November 2014. The first legs were played on 21 and 22 March, and the second legs were played on 28 and 29 March 2015.
Notes
Brøndby won 2–1 on aggregate.
4–4 on aggregate. Wolfsburg won on away goals.
Paris Saint-Germain won 7–0 on aggregate.
Frankfurt won 12–0 on aggregate.
The draw was held on 19 November 2014. The first legs were played on 18 and 19 April and the second legs on 25 and 26 April 2015.
Frankfurt won 13–0 on aggregate.
Paris Saint-Germain won 3–2 on aggregate.
The final was played on 14 May 2015 at Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark in Berlin, Germany. The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.
2014–15 UEFA Women's Champions League
The People's Democratic Party (Spanish: Partido Demócrata Popular, PDP) was a Spanish political party of liberal centre, integrated in the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD). Its president was Fernando Chueca, and his Secretary General was Ignacio Camuñas.
The party was founded by Ignacio Camuñas in December 1974 on the basis of the Circle of Studies New Generation (Spanish: Círculo de Estudios Nueva Generación), created in 1972. By 1976 the party was part of the Democratic Convergence Platform and Democratic Coordination, but withdrew from the latter in June of that same year. On 24 September 1976, together with Democratic Left of Catalonia, the Social-Liberal Coalition was established.Fernando Chueca Goitia, founder of the Spanish Social Democratic Union (USDE), left the party in July 1976 to join the People's Democratic Party, where he was elected president in December of that year. The party was admitted as a member of the Liberal International during the Congress that took place in Barcelona in October 1976; also, the PDP participated in the creation of Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) in 1977, forming the liberal wing of UCD. The party was legalized on February 17, 1977.In the general elections of 1977 the party obtained 6 deputies within UCD: Ignacio Camuñas, José Manuel Paredes Grosso, Francisco Ruiz Risueño, Manuel Bermejo and José María Bravo de Laguna. Subsequently, on December 16, 1977, the party agreed to dissolve and become a full member of UCD.
The  Amateur Athletic Association is an amateur basketball league that was created in 1897. It hosts the annual AAU National Tournament. All players participating have to be amateurs.
During the 1960s players who left college before the formation of the American Basketball League and
American Basketball Association had three options: the National Basketball Association, the Eastern League or AAU basketball. And AAU basketball was attractive to many players who wished to remain eligible for the Olympics. Several AAU teams were sponsored by corporations which provided jobs to the players on their teams.
Famous NBA names played or coached in the AAU Tournaments such as David Robinson, Larry Brown, Gregg Popovich, Bob Kurland, Mike Krzyzewski (as a coach), Jay Triano, Phil Jordon, Roger Brown, George Yardley, Jim Pollard, Clyde Lovellette and Bob Boozer.
The tournament started in 1897 and met incredible success until the late 50s. There a few occasion that college players rejected NBA careers opting to play in the AAU. Bill Reigel Reigel who went on to choose the Amateur Athletic Union over an offer from the NBA's Minneapolis Lakers was one of them, managing to earn AAU All-American honors four times. Another great college player who chose AAU over NBA was legendary Bob Kurland.
The quality of AAU basketball waned in the 1960s as the expansion of the NBA and the arrival of the ABL followed by the ABA created professional opportunities for the players the AAU teams were seeking. In 1972, the International Basketball Federation withdrew its recognition of the AAU as the institution responsible for organizing U.S. basketball teams. Signaling an end for old AAU basketball, although 1968 was the last year for the annual tournament in Denver.
Bill Bradley	(1965)
Bill Walton	(1973)
Charlie Ward	(1993)
Chamique Holdsclaw	(1998)
Hoopedia's list of AAU Tournament champions
[1]
Abetimus (trade name Riquent) is an immunosuppressant. It is a synthetic biological called a tolerogen.  It is made of four double-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotides that are attached to a carrier platform and are designed to block specific B-cell anti double stranded DNA antibodies.  It may also complex anti dsDNA antibodies together, therefore disabling them. This way abetimus was supposed to help treat systemic lupus erythematosus and specifically lupus nephritis.
It was developed by La Jolla Pharmaceutical, who applied for marketing authorisations in the mid-2000s, but the drug was never marketed in the US or in Europe.
The Bridgewater Woolen Mill, now more commonly the Bridgewater Mill Mall, is a historic textile mill complex on United States Route 4 in Bridgewater and Woodstock, Vermont.  With an textile processing history dating from 1828 to 1975, it was one of the state's longest-lived textile operations, and was a mainstay of the local economy during that period.  It has since been repurposed into a shopping center.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The Bridgewater Mill complex occupies more than 6 acres (2.4 ha) on the south side of US 4 near the center of Bridgewater village, which spills over into western Woodstock.  It is set on a plateau of the flood plain of the Ottauquechee River, which flows easterly on the south side of the property, and served as the mill's original power source.  The mill consists of nine connected buildings, most of wood and one of brick, and a tall free-standing brick chimney.  The central portion of the mill is a three-story wood frame building, with a gabled roof topped by a square cupola with Greek Revival pilasters at its corners.The history of industrial use of this site begins in 1786, when Richard and Isaac Southgate dammed the river and built a sawmill and gristmill.  In 1825, Benjamin Southgate, grandson of Richard, built a new dam, and in 1828 built a textile mill.  It is unclear whether any of the surviving buildings are from this early period, as there was a fire in 1852 that did substantial damage, suggesting the surviving main building was built in 1853.  The mill was a major employer in the town, employing 150 people in a town of 800.  In 1909, the mill owners added a hydroelectric generation facility to the dam, providing power for the mill and village homes and businesses.  The mill failed due to the Great Depression in the 1930s, but reopened in 1940 after reorganizing.  It finally closed its doors in 1975.  The property was acquired by a local citizens' group, which transformed the mill into the shopping complex it is today.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Windsor County, Vermont
The Reformed Church in Zambia is among the biggest Reformed churches in the country of Zambia.
Zambia, the former Northern Rhodesia, was governed by the British crown. In 1924 it became a British protectorate. The Reformed Church in Zambia grow out of the mission work of the Dutch Reformed Church of the Orange Free State, South Africa started in the end of the 19th century. The first congregation was established in Lusaka. African evangelists played a significant role of the establishment in the denomination. Members of the Dutch Reformed Church moved to Zambia, and the church expanded rapidly. In the late 1950s eleven congregations with 3,300 members were in Zambia. Since 1982 it extended its mission work into Eastern Province, Luapula Province, Northern, Central and Northwest Zambia. The denomination was an Afrikaans church, but English service were introduced in the early 1990s. By 2000 the Reformed Church in Zambia covers all Province of the country.
In 1996 the Reformed Church in Zambia formed. It had more than 500,000 members in 154 congregations, and 102 pastors, 39 evangelists in 16 presbyteries. The official languages are English, Nyanja, Chewa, Ngoni, Nsenga, Chichewa and Chewa.
Apostles Creed
Athanasian Creed
Nicene Creed
Heidelberg Catechism
Canons of Dort
Belgic Confession
The Reformed Church is a member of the World Communion of Reformed Churches. The global ministries of the Protestant Church in the Netherlands supports the theological college and the department of economics.
Reformed Church in Zambia
Dutch Reformed Church of Zambia
Woods of Arden is an abandoned Staten Island Railway station in the neighborhood of Annadale, Staten Island, New York. The station opened in 1886 with a cost of $112.55. The station closed after 1894. This station was located in between the Annadale and Eltingville stops.
Woods of Arden was a Sunday summer resort that was used for picknicking, boating and swimming. The resort also included an inn. Erastus Wiman, who helped organize Staten Island Rapid Transit was directly involved with the resort, and had a station built to provide access.
Clark Island is one of the many uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It is located at the confluence of Hudson Strait and the Labrador Sea.
It is a member of the Button Islands and is situated 1.2 mi (1.9 km) west-southwest of the southern end of MacColl Island. Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Dolphin Island, Holdridge Island, King Island, Leading Island, and Niels Island.
Shiva Mecchida Kannappa (English: Kannappa who was blessed by Shiva) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film directed by Vijay. The film is a rehashed version of the 1954 film Bedara Kannappa, the debut film of actor Rajkumar. Produced by Raghavendra Rajkumar, the film is about the life of Kannappa, a hunter who becomes a Lord Shiva devotee; Kanappa is played by Puneeth Rajkumar in younger days and Shivarajkumar in adult life. The rest of the cast includes Geetha, Sarala Devi, C. R. Simha and Rajkumar himself playing a brief cameo role in the role of Lord Shiva. The film has musical score by T. G. Lingappa and the dialogues and lyrics written by Chi. Udaya Shankar.
The musical score by T. G. Lingappa was positively reviewed.
The film was released on 24 March 1988.
Shiva Mecchida Kannappa at IMDb
Edith Nylon was a French rock band that was active from the end of the 1970s to the beginning of the 1980s.
Certainly a part of the Punk movement, Edith Nylon was a precursor to new wave music and Les Rita Mitsouko.  Edith Nylon obtained a certain level of success in its time and even opened for The Police.  The singer Mylène Khaski has become a company director in Asia.
Mylène Khaski : vocals
Christophe Boutin : guitars
Zako Khaski : guitar, bass, background vocals
Frédéric Noyé : synthesizers, piano, guitar
Karl Mormet : guitars
Albert Tauby : drums
1979 : Edith Nylon (CBS)
1980 : Quatre essais philosophiques (CBS)
1980 : Johnny Johnny (CBS)
1982 : Echo bravo (Chiswick)
Much of the content of this article comes from the equivalent French-language Wikipedia article (retrieved June 9, 2006).
Fundamentally based indexes are indices in which stocks are weighted by one of many economic fundamental factors, especially accounting figures which are commonly used when performing corporate valuation, or by a composite of several fundamental factors. A potential benefit with composite fundamental indices is that they might average out specific sector biases which may be the case when only using one fundamental factor. A key belief behind the fundamental index methodology is that underlying corporate accounting/valuation figures are more accurate estimators of a company's intrinsic value, rather than the listed market value of the company, i.e. that one should buy and sell companies in line with their accounting figures rather than according to their current market prices. In this sense fundamental indexing is linked to so-called fundamental analysis.
The fundamental factors commonly used by fundamental index managers are sales, earnings, book value, cash flow and dividends. Even the number of employees have been used in empirical studies on fundamental indexation. Fundamental indices are often contrasted to capitalization-weighted indices. Fundamentally based indices were arguably pioneered by Research Affiliates (RA), which first circulated research on the methodology in mid-2004. However, the method is in practice very similar to the so-called Core Equity Strategy-method launched by Dimensional Fund Advisors (DFA) during the same year. They are similar since DFA evaluates weight of small cap stocks and value stocks in a direct way whereas RA evaluates weight of small cap stocks and value stocks in a more indirect way. Furthermore, fundamental indexation is also seen by some people as merely a practical application and repackaging of the findings of one of the most famous journal articles in modern financial economics: "The Cross-Section of Expected Stock Returns" by Fama & French (1992). This is because the key characteristic of fundamental indices is that they have a combined relative small cap and value stock tilt vs. a capitalization-weighted index, which is for example explicitly shown in a Swedish context by Olof Andersson (2009) in his Thesis "Irrational Indexation". Fundamental indices ride on the small cap and the value stock premiums which have been present in international stock markets during the last 30–40 years so it is not strange that they might beat the market. Thus, a fundamental index does not actually buy companies in line with only their accounting figures, but rather companies with high accounting figures which at the same time exhibit low market values. A fundamental index is thus not really value indifferent indexing contrary to claims of its inventors. The current challenge of fundamental index managers is to conclusively prove that their index funds provide more value than merely riding on the small cap and the value stock premium, if possible, in order to legitimate the fees charged by these managers. There is some evidence, statistical significance, that fundamental indices create more value but there is yet any evidence known of economic significance.
The traditional method of capitalization-weighting indices might by definition imply overweighting overvalued stocks and underweighting undervalued stocks, assuming a price inefficiency. Since investors cannot observe the true fair value of a company, they cannot remove inefficiency altogether but may be able to remove the systematic inefficiency that is arguably inherent in capitalization-weighted indices. Equal-weighting is one method to remove this claimed inefficiency but suffers from high turnover, high volatility, and the requirement to invest potentially large sums in illiquid stocks.Weighting by fundamental factors avoids the pitfalls of equal weighting while still removing the claimed systematic inefficiency of capitalization weighting. It weights industries by fundamental factors (also called "Main Street" factors ) such as sales, book value, dividends, earnings, or employees. If a stock’s price gets either too high or too low relative to its fair value, weighting by fundamentals will not reflect this bias as far as there is not perfect correlation between stock prices and economic fundamentals. However, the correlation is quite close since the economic fundamentals used are commonly driving the value of a stock. If we assume no correlation in line with Robert Arnott, this arguably prevents fundamentally based indices from participating in bubbles and crashes and thus reduces its volatility while delivering a higher return. However, the strong underperformance of fundamental indices in 2008 when companies such as banks with large fundamentals crashed has shown that it may not prevent it from participating in stock market crashes. When fundamentals change rapidly so may the stock price.
If the assumptions of the Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM) do not hold then there could be three states of the world in line with the so-called joint hypothesis problem explained by Campbell (1997):
The capitalization-weighted market portfolio is not efficient.
The CAPM model is not an efficient pricing model.
Both the cap-weighted market portfolio and the CAPM model are inefficient.If we assume that the capitalization-weighted market portfolio is not efficient, assuming a pricing inefficiency, capitalization-weighting might be sub-optimal and the degree of sub-performance might be proportional to the degree of random noise.Forty years of back-tested Indices weighted by any of several fundamental factors including sales, EBIT, earnings, cash flow, book value, or dividends in U.S. markets outperformed the S&P 500 by approximately 2% per annum with volatility similar to the S&P 500. Thus, fundamentally based indices also had a higher Sharpe ratio than capitalization-weighted indices. In non-U.S. markets, fundamentally based indices outperformed capitalization weighted indices by approximately 2.5% with slightly less volatility and outperformed in all 23 MSCI EAFE countries.Financial economists — Walkshäusl and Lobe — investigate the performance of global and 50 country-specific (28 developed and 22 emerging) fundamentally weighted indices compared to capitalization-weighted indices between 1982 and 2008. First, they establish that superior performance of domestic indices diminishes considerably when applying a bootstrap procedure for robust performance testing. Second, even after controlling for data snooping biases and the value premium, they find evidence that fundamental indexing produces economically and statistically significant positive alphas. This holds for global and country-specific versions which are heavily weighted in the world portfolio.
Since the first research was disseminated, fundamentally based indices have been criticized by proponents of capitalization weighting including John Bogle, Burton Malkiel, and William Sharpe. The opposing opinions rely heavily on opposing assumptions. Proponents claiming a new revolutionary paradigm in index fund investing such as for example Robert D. Arnott, Jeremy Siegel and Jack Treynor — all affiliated with fundamental index funds — assume somewhat irrational markets whereas the opponents mentioned — some affiliated with conventional index funds — assume more rational and efficient markets. Responses to criticisms have come primarily from the publications of one of the founders of fundamentally based indices, Robert Arnott.
Fundamentally based indexes are really being actively managed. By avoiding capitalization weighting, they are making bets that certain stocks will outperform the market.Response: Although not necessarily generalizable, referring to his own company’s fundamentally based indices, Robert Arnott said, “Our fundamental index is formulaic, transparent, and is objectively and rigorously constructed.... The [free-float capitalization weighted] S&P 500 is not objective. It is not formulaic. It is not transparent. And it is not replicable.”
Fundamentally based indices are exposed to the Fama–French risk factors — that is they are value-biased and small cap-biased. These factors have historically led to outperformance. The current returns of fundamentally based indices are exaggerated because of the recent strong performance of value stocks during the last 30 years and the outperformance of small cap stocks.Response: It is true that the Fama–French factors explain much of the returns of fundamentally based indices as they do for most passive portfolios. If they did not, it would demonstrate a flaw in the Fama–French model. After controlling for Fama–French risk factors, fundamentally based indices exhibit a small positive alpha — albeit a statistically insignificant one.
Fundamentally based indices have higher turnover and therefore higher costs than capitalization weighted indices.Response: Fundamentally based indices do have a higher turnover than capitalization weighted indices. However, the turnover is so low that its costs do not substantially affect returns. For example, the U.S. Fundamental Index 1000’s turnover ranges between 10 and 12 percent per annum versus 6% for an annually rebalanced capitalization-weighted index of the largest 1000 stocks. Furthermore, fundamentally based indices experience most of their turnover in large, liquid stocks while capitalization-weighted indices experience most of their turnover in small, illiquid stocks.
Fundamentally based index funds have higher expense ratios than the traditional capitalization weighted index funds. For example, the Powershares fundamentally based ETFs have an expense ratio of 0.6% (the U.S. index ETF has an expense ratio of 0.39%) while the PIMCO Fundamental IndexPLUS TR Fund charges 1.14% in annual expenses. In comparison, the Vanguard 500 Index Fund "Investor shares" ($3,000, minimum investment) charges 0.18% per annum, whereas the Vanguard 500 Index Fund "Admiral shares" ($10,000, minimum investment) charges 0.05% per annum.
Response: Fundamentally based ETFs do have higher expense ratios than capitalization-weighted ones but the 2 to 2.5% of additional returns per annum far outweigh the additional expenses incurred.
Fundamentally based indices ignore information from the variance-covariance structure of returns. Thus, the covariance structure is under-utilized despite the fact it has some predictive power - "Past correlations predict future correlations much better that past returns predict future returns."
Research Affiliates Fundamental Index Strategy
Bettina Speckmann (born 1972) is a German computer scientist who heads the Applied Geometric Algorithms group in the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science of Eindhoven University of Technology in Eindhoven, Netherlands, where she is a professor.
The main topics of her research are computational geometry and information visualization, especially focusing on the geometry and visualization of objects in motion.
Speckmann earned a diploma from the University of Münster in 1996.
She completed her Ph.D. in 2001 at the University of British Columbia under the joint supervision of Jack Snoeyink and David G. Kirkpatrick. Before joining the faculty at TU Eindhoven, she did postdoctoral research with Emo Welzl at ETH Zurich.She is a member of the Computational Geometry Steering Committee,
and has been program chair for the Symposium on Computational Geometry (2018), International Colloquium on Automata, Languages and Programming (2015), and International Symposium on Graph Drawing (2011).
In 2011, Speckmann was the first winner of the Netherlands Prize for ICT Research, given by the Koninklijke Hollandsche Maatschappij der Wetenschappen, for her work on geographic information systems.
She was a member of the Global Young Academy from 2011 to 2016.
Speckmann is the daughter of German neuroscientist and artist Erwin-Josef Speckmann.
Home page
Bettina Speckmann publications indexed by Google Scholar
Balla Cove (foaled 18 March 1987) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who competed in Britain and the United States. He was at his best as a two-year-old in 1989 when he was placed in the Bernard Van Cutsem Stakes and the Solario Stakes before recording an upset victory in the Middle Park Stakes and running
creditably on dirt in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile. He was then transferred to race in the United States where he ran consistently without recapturing his best juvenile form, recording two minor wins in twenty-three starts over the next two seasons. He was retired from racing to become a breeding stallion in Ireland but made little impact as a sire of winners.
Balla Cove was a bay horse with a mall white star bred in Ireland by Mrs V McAlmont. The colt was sent into training with Ron Boss who operated from the Phoenix Lodge stable in Newmarket, Suffolk. Boss had ridden for Noel Murless in the 1950s and then worked as head lad for his fellow Welshman Ifor Lewis before taking out a trainer's license in 1972.Balla Cove's sire Ballad Rock was an Irish sprinter whose best win came in the Greenlands Stakes. At stud, Ballad Rock suffered from health problems which limited his fertility but his career as breeding stallion was revived by the success of the outstanding sprinter-miler Chief Singer and he went on to sire several other good winners including Rock City (Gimcrack Stakes), Rafferty's Rules (Hopeful Stakes) and Stack Rock (runner-up in the Prix de l'Abbaye). Balla Cove was one of several winners produced by Coven. She was a female-line descendant of the Irish Oaks winner Agars Plough, the ancestor of many other major winners including Halling, Mastery, Kingsbarns and Dark Angel.
Balla Cove made his first appearance in a five furlong maiden race at Newmarket Racecourse on 6 May and finished third of the six runners, four lengths behind the winner Able Express. Three weeks later in a maiden at Doncaster Racecourse he was moved up to six furlongs and finished second to Be My Chief. He dead-heated for fifth in a maiden at Haydock Park in June and was then stepped up in class and distance for the Listed Bernard Van Cutsem Stakes over seven furlongs at Newmarket in July and finished third to Be My Chief. At Salisbury Racecourse he started at odds of 12/1 for the Whitchurch Stakes in which he was ridden by Steve Cauthen. He recorded his first victory as he took the lead from the start and won by two lengths from the Guy Harwood-trained favourite Digression (later to win the Royal Lodge Stakes).In the Solario Stakes at Sandown Park Racecourse on 18 August Balla Cove led until the last quarter mile but was then overtaken and finished last of the three runners behind Be My Chief and Robellation. On 5 October the colt was dropped back in distance for the Group One Middle Park Stakes over six furlongs at Newmarket in which he started a 20/1 outsider in a six-runner field. The Michael Stoute-trained Cordoba was made the odds-on favourite ahead of Rock City (winner of the Coventry Stakes, July Stakes and Gimcrack Stakes) whilst the other three runner were Batzushka, Duck and Dive (runner-up in the Phoenix Stakes) and Croupier. Ridden by Cauthen, he tracked the early leader Batuhka before going to the front approaching the last quarter mile and stayed on well to win by two lengths from Rock City.For his final appearance of the year, Balla Cove was sent to Florida to contest the Breeders' Cup Juvenile on dirt at Gulfstream Park on 4 November. He set the early pace and reached the final turn in third before finishing seventh of the twelve runners behind Rhythm, one place behind Pleasant Tap and one place ahead of Go and Go.
Balla Cove stayed in the United States after his run in the Breeders' Cup and was trained by several different handlers including Wallace Dollase, Ron McAnally, William Cesare and Jerry Hollendorfer. Racing mainly in California as a three-year-old he began his campaign by dead-heating with Land Rush in the Los Feliz Stakes at Santa Anita Park in January with Farma Way in fourth. His jockey Laffit Pincay commented "Into the stretch, I tried to make him switch leads, but he wouldn't. There were some nice horses in there and he hung on pretty well."In his subsequent starts that year he finished unplaced behind Mister Frisky in the Santa Anita Derby, third behind Itsallgreektome in the Grade III Will Rogers Handicap at Hollywood Park Racetrack in May and won the Round Table Handicap at Bay Meadows in September. He finished unplaced in his other seven races.
Balla Cove remained in training as a four-year-old but failed to win in twelve starts. His best performances were second-place finishes in the Royal Owl Handicap at Santa Anita in January and a strongly contested allowance race at Arlington Park in August. He ended his racing career by running fourth in an allowance at Bay Meadows on 1 December.
After his retirement from racing Balla Cove became a breeding stallion. He sired no top-class performers but got several minor winners on the flat and over jumps.
The molecular formula C14H14 (molar mass: 182.26 g/mol, exact mass: 182.1096 u) may refer to:
Bibenzyl
Cyclotetradecaheptaene, or [14]annulene
This is a list of college basketball games televised on ESPN's Saturday Primetime since it debuted on January 22, 2005.
-Overtime
Italics-Women's Basketball
-Overtime
Italics-Women's Basketball
-overtime
-five overtimes
-overtime
-overtime
Oona Eisenstadt is an American religious studies scholar. She is the Fred Krinsky Professor of Jewish Studies and Professor of Religious Studies at Pomona College in Claremont, California, and the chair of the college's English department. Her research interests include continental philosophy, Jewish philosophy, and religious themes in children's literature. She is an expert on the philosophers Emmanuel Levinas and Jacques Derrida.
Faculty page at Pomona College
.com for Murder is a 2001 science fiction crime drama film written by Nico Mastorakis and Phill Marr and directed by Mastorakis, starring Nastassja Kinski, Nicollette Sheridan, Roger Daltrey, and Huey Lewis. After being screened at various film festivals, it was released direct-to-video on January 14, 2003.
Ben (Daltrey) is a successful and rich architect, living in Los Angeles. Sondra (Kinski) is his beloved wife, who broke a leg while skiing. As Ben is leaving town for his work, Sondra accesses his intelligent house computer Hal, and discovers that Ben has been chatting on "American Love Online". Posing as him, she chats with one of his online friends, Lynn (Valentine), and they agree to meet that night. Hacker Werther (Dean) rudely joins the conversation and later shuts out Sondra, and starts chatting in Ben's name. Sondra is meanwhile joined by her sister Misty (Sheridan), who came to look after her. Later that night Werther kills Lynn in her house, showing an online live feed of the murder to Sondra and Misty. Werther is shown to be a psychopath who loves to quote from The Sorrows of Young Werther by Goethe and calls his victims by the name Lotte (the object of the affections of Werther in that novel).
Sondra and Misty call the police and eventually speak with FBI agent Matheson (Lewis). When they send him the file of the murder, it appears to be encrypted. On the advice of agent Matheson, Sondra and Misty invite a computer expert to decrypt the file. As the expert arrives at the door, Werther calls them, pretending to be the expert. Sondra and Misty thus send the real expert away, believing he is the killer. A short while later, Werther shows up at the house, keeping his disguise. After he finishes the decrypting job and leaves the house, Misty walks after him to inform him that the gate is jammed. Werther suddenly turns towards her and cuts her left wrist slightly, just enough to keep her living for another 20 minutes, all the while viewed by Sondra from the computer. Werther then turns to enter the house and kill Sondra, but Sondra manages to lock the main entrance in time to prevent this. Werther then tries to open the pool door, but is electrocuted with 22,000 volts by Hal.
Sondra bandages Misty's wrist and tries to restore power to the house. Werther turns out not to be dead and in the meantime takes Misty. Carrying a passive night vision device that amplifies light 60,000 times, he is stunned by the house lights and falls off the second floor, coming to his death. Agent Matheson, his assistant agent Williams (Clarke) and the police finally arrive at the scene, after electronic disinformation by Werther had previously sent them to the other end of town.
Nastassja Kinski as Sondra Brummel
Nicollette Sheridan as Misty Brummel
Roger Daltrey as Ben
Huey Lewis as FBI agent Matheson
Jeffery Dean as Werther
Kim Valentine as Lynn
Melinda Clarke as Michelle Williams
.com for Murder was released on DVD on January 14, 2003.Felix Vasquez Jr. of Cinema Crazed deemed it a "terrible remake of Rear Window", full of clichés and illogical. He said that Sheridan's and Daltrey's talent was lost through mis-casting and disliked Mastorakis' unrealistic portrayal of computers.
.com for Murder at IMDb
.com for Murder at AllMovie
.com for Murder at Rotten Tomatoes
This is a list of current and former Roman Catholic churches in the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardino. The diocese comprises Riverside and San Bernardino Counties in the Southern California. The diocese has 91 parishes, seven missions and five chapels. The mother church for the diocese is Our Lady of the Rosary Cathedral in San Bernardino.
I Never Knew (What That Song Meant Before) is the twenty fourth studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith. The album was released in August 1974 on Columbia Records and was produced by Ray Baker. The title track became the album's lead single.
I Never Knew (What That Song Meant Before) contained eleven tracks (as did her past three albums for the Columbia label), including cover versions of Harlan Howard's  "The Key's in the Mailbox" and Tom T. Hall's "Never Having You." The album was recorded at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee in 1974 and was her second and final album that was released that year. The album was issued on a 12-inch LP album, with six songs on the first side of the record and five songs on the other side of the record. The album has not been reissued since its original release on vinyl under Columbia in 1974.
I Never Knew (What That Song Meant Before) spawned one single, the title track. Release in June 1974, the song (written by Sanger D. Shafer) became a major hit on the Country chart in the United States, reaching #13 on the Billboard Magazine Hot Country Songs chart. The album itself also charted. Released in August 1974, I Never Knew (What That Song Meant Before) peaked at #22 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart, Smith's highest-charting album since 1973's God Is Abundant.
Dorothy Delenoibus – background vocals
Ray Edenton – rhythm guitar
Johnny Gimble – fiddle, mandolin
Lloyd Green – dobro, steel guitar
Holladay Sisters – background vocals
The Jordanaires – background vocals
Shane Keister – keyboards
Kenny Malone – drums
Grady Martin – guitar
Charlie McCoy – harmonica, vibes
Bob Moore – bass
Laverna Moore – background vocals
Hargus "Pig" Robbins – organ, piano
Connie Smith – lead vocals
Bobby Thompson – banjo
Chip Young – rhythm guitar
AlbumSingles
Toronto Area Control Center (ICAO: CZYZ) is one of seven area control centers in Canada operated by Nav Canada. The Toronto Area Control Centre is based near Toronto Pearson International Airport in Mississauga, Ontario.
From the Toronto Area Control Centre, air traffic controllers provide en route and terminal control services to aircraft in the Toronto Flight Information Region (FIR). The Toronto FIR airspace covers most of Southern Ontario, Central Ontario, parts of Eastern Ontario, and parts of northwestern Michigan. To the east are the air traffic control centres of Montreal and Boston; to the south are the Minneapolis, Cleveland (which covers the extreme southwestern area of Ontario), and New York air traffic control centres; to the west is the Winnipeg control centre.
The Toronto ACC assumes control of the following classes of airports:
Class C (Controlled, IFR/IFR, IFR/VFR and VFR/VFR separation, VFR: Mode C and ATC clearance required)
CYYZ - Toronto Pearson International Airport in Mississauga, ON
CYKF - Region of Waterloo International Airport in Breslau, ON
CYXU - London International Airport in London, ON
CYTZ - Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport (Toronto island) in Toronto, ONClass D (Controlled, IFR/IFR and IFR/VFR separation, VFR: 2-way communication required)
CYHM - John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport in Hamilton, ON
CYOO - Oshawa Airport in Oshawa, ON
CYAM - Sault Ste. Marie Airport in Sault Ste. Marie, ON
CYTR - Trenton Airport in Trenton, ONClass E (Controlled, only IFR/IFR spacing)
CYKZ - Buttonville Municipal Airport in Markham, ON
CYXR - Earlton (Timiskaming Regional) Airport in Eartton, ON
CYEL - Elliot Lake Airport in Elliot Lake, ON
CYZE - Gore Bay-Manitoulin Airport in Gore Bay/Barrie Island, ON
CYYU - Kapuskasing Airport in Kapuskasing, ON
CYGK - Kingston/Norman Rogers Airport in Kingston, ON
CYMO - Moosonee Airport in Moosonee, ON
CYQA - Muskoka Airport in Muskoka, ON
CYYB - North Bay/Jack Garland Airport in North Bay, ON
CYPQ - Peterborough Airport in Peterborough, ON
CYZR - Sarnia Chris Hadfield Airport in Sarnia, ON
CYSN - St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport in Niagara-on-the-Lake, ON
CYSB - Sudbury Airport in Sudbury, ON
CYTS - Timmins Airport in Timmins, ON
CYZD - Toronto/Downsview Airport in Toronto, ON
CYXZ - Wawa Airport in Wawa, ON
CYVV - Wiarton Airport in Wiarton, ONThis FIR contains several Class G aerodromes that are in uncontrolled airspace and clearances are required to enter or leave controlled airspace.
Airports under these classes include:
CPZ9 - Billy Bishop Toronto City Water Aerodrome in Toronto
CZBA - Burlington Air Park in Burlington, ON
Within each FIR, there are transmitter sites that allow the relay of distant communication from aircraft back to the ACC. These links are called a  peripheral station (PAL). They re-transmit the voice and data communication over high speed data links between the ACC and the remote transmitter.
Canadian airspace
Chetostoma japonicum is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chetostoma of the family Tephritidae.
4th Avenue Jones (originally 4th Avenue Jones' and sometimes credited as 4th Ave. Jones') was an American alternative hip hop band based in Los Angeles, California. The band was conceived by Ahmad Ali Lewis, popularly known as Ahmad. The band's name comes from the popular idiom "Keeping up with the Joneses" and the street in South Central Los Angeles where they began their rehearsals.
After the success of his 1994 platinum single "Back in the Day" as an 18-year-old, Ahmad became frustrated by the corporate politics choking the industry and the "plastic junk" being forced on the masses, and decided to abandon his solo career and form his own label, Lookalive Records. Lookalive was formed to bring together a dream team of gifted musicians who were committed to the art of music.
The vision for the band was conceived in 1997 when Ahmad Jones commenced rehearsals at a house located on 4th Avenue and Jefferson in South Central Los Angeles. In 2000 the band was formed, and the group independently pressed and distributed their first full album No Plan B. Their persistence paid off as their fan base in the Los Angeles area began to grow. Local weekly gigs soon followed, spreading word of the Jones' classic level of showmanship like wildfire throughout the West Coast music scene.
Interscope Records caught wind of the 4th Avenue Jones' buzz, and quickly offered the band a deal. After enthusiastically completing the 2002 Interscope project, No Plan B, Pt. II, the band continued to electrify audiences, sharing the stage with such notables as Sheryl Crow, Macy Gray, The Roots, James Brown, The Black Eyed Peas, Musiq, and others. Sadly, they were kept in touring limbo by the label and the album was never released.
Frustrated, the Jones' eventually earned their release from the label altogether. Fortunately, by the time they returned to independent status, releasing another underground album, Respect, the group had already stamped an influential mark, and their fans stuck with them.
Inspired with a new vision of things to come, some changes in the band were made. Ahmad enlisted a roster of talent that would position the group for refinement and growth: his wife, Tena Jones on vocals, Tim Stewart aka "Timmy Shakes" on lead guitar, Gailybird on violin, "Phat" Albert Parker on bass, and Derrick "Dee" Calloway on drums.Their eclectic use of rock-influenced sounds atypical for hip-hop music, especially guitars, was most evident on their first album after leaving Interscope, 2003's compilation Gumbo which introduced the public to their new members, with several band members performing solo tracks on the album.
In 2004, 4th Avenue Jones released their fourth independent album HipRockSoul, and the next year, they released their first Gotee Records-distributed album, titled Stereo: The Evolution of HipRockSoul containing re-mastered and re-mixed tracks from the HipRockSoul album as well as several new songs. After a lot of underground success, this album was the group's mainstream breakout album earning them a Dove Award nomination as well as awards from several Christian and mainstream hip-hop websites.
4th Avenue Jones has also recorded a cover of "Jesus Freak" by Christian rock/pop group dc Talk, which appears on the compilation album Freaked! A Gotee Tribute to dc Talk's "Jesus Freak".
Hypsopygia sericea is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsopygia. It was described by Warren in 1891. It is found in India.
Dudley Devere Manlove (June 11, 1914 – April 17, 1996) was an American radio announcer and an actor. 
In 1921, Manlove was one of a group of juvenile performers sponsored by the Oakland Tribune. Also in 1921, at age 6, he received a contract from the Stewart Motion Picture Company. At that time, he already had more than a year's experience on stage.
Manlove worked on radio station KLX in Oakland, California, acting on the Eight o'Clock Players and the Faucit Theater of the Air. He also was host of The Musical Clock morning program on KYA in San Francisco.Manlove's voice was his trademark as a radio announcer and actor.
Manlove is known for his roles in the science fiction B movies The Creation of the Humanoids and Plan 9 from Outer Space. He also had multiple guest-starring roles in the television series Dragnet and Alfred Hitchcock Presents.
On September 20, 1940, Manlove and his wife, Ora, married in Reno. She sued him for divorce on February 8, 1945. In 1947, he married singer Patricia Prichard in Santa Clara, California. They divorced in 1954.
On April 17, 1996, Manlove died in San Bernardino, California, of cirrhosis of the liver at the age of 81.
Dudley Manlove at IMDb
Akpassi is a town and arrondissement in the Collines Department of Benin. It is an administrative division under the jurisdiction of the commune of Bantè. According to the population census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15, 2002, the arrondissement had a total population of 8979.
The Galápagos Marine Reserve (GMR) lies a thousand kilometres from the Ecuadorian mainland and covers an area of around 133,000 km2 (51,000 sq mi). The Galápagos Islands and the surrounding waters represent one of the world’s most unusual ecosystems and are rich areas of biodiversity. Recently granted UNESCO World Heritage Site status, the Galápagos Marine Reserve is the largest marine reserve in a developing country and the second largest reserve in the world.
In certain areas in the Galápagos Marine Reserve, it is possible for visitors to dive or snorkel, and many guests have come into contact with marvelous aquatic species which live underwater: Whales, whale sharks, hammerhead sharks, rays, manta rays, swordfish and sea turtles, etc. Other habitats within the GMR are the rocky seabed, vertical rock faces, sandy beaches, mangrove swamps and, to a lesser extent, coral reefs.  A popular spot is Tortuga Bay on the Island of Santa Cruz where there is a separate mangrove where there are always white tip reef sharks
Coastal lakes, moist soil and areas where freshwater and seawater mix contain unique species still to be studied. Cold, hot and warm marine currents come together here, generating a wide diversity of animal life: from small coloured fish to large mammals: marine iguanas, Galapagos land iguanas, galapagos crabs, Galápagos sea lion, Sharks, Blue footed boobie, swallow-tailed gulls, ducks, frigatebirds and the galápagos tortoise. The most unique species to the Galápagos is the Marine Iguana, due to its amphibious nature. It is the only known reptilian lizard that can forage in water and on land.
The Galápagos Marine Reserve faces a number of environmental threats. The most pressing threats to the GMR come from over-fishing and illegal fishing. Some animals are always illegal to hunt in the Galápagos. The legal local sea cucumber and lobster fisheries are heavily depleted and may be close to collapse. This poses dire consequences for the oversubscribed fishing sector in Galápagos, likely causing local fishermen to turn increasingly to illegal practices, such as shark finning, overfishing of tuna, and illegal export of sea cucumbers. Non-native species, such as cats and dogs, have also begun to pose a major threat to the fragile ecosystem found in the GMR.
Pollution and development pose an additional threat to both terrestrial and marine wildlife. The concurrent growth of the tourism industry and local populations means this problem will certainly increase.  The population of Galápagos is growing at a rate of approximately 6% per year, more than double population growth of mainland Ecuador. The grounding of the tanker Jessica, delivering bunker fuel and diesel for tourist boats and the Ecuadorian Navy, brought world attention to the marine threats from increased human activities on the Islands.
Many international conservation and science organizations are working to protect the Galápagos Marine Reserve.  Among them are the Charles Darwin Foundation and WildAid, which is working to improve the capacity of the Parque Nacional de Galápagos staff to protect the reserve from overfishing and other threats.
The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society also maintains an office in Puerto Ayora, on the island of Santa Cruz.
* Charles Darwin Foundation
WildAid
David Augusto Sotelo Rosas (born 11 November 1957) is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution. From 2000 to 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Guerrero. He previously served in the Congress of Guerrero from 1989 to 1992.
Dianne Elizabeth Reeves (born October 23, 1956) is an American jazz singer.
Dianne Reeves was born in Detroit, Michigan, into a musical family. Her father sang, her mother played trumpet, her uncle is bassist Charles Burrell, and her cousin is George Duke. Her father died when she was two years old, and she was raised in Denver, Colorado, by her mother, Vada Swanson, and maternal family. In 1971 she started singing and playing piano. She was a member of her high school band, and while performing at a convention in Chicago was noticed by trumpeter Clark Terry, who invited her to sing with him. "He had these amazing all-star bands, but I had no idea who they all were! The thing I loved about it was the way they interacted with each other - the kind of intimate exchange that I wasn't part of. For a young singer, it was fertile soil." She studied classical voice at the University of Colorado.Reeves moved to Los Angeles, where she sang and recorded with Stanley Turrentine, Lenny White, and Billy Childs. She recorded with the band Caldera, then founded the band Night Flight with Billy Childs, with whom she would collaborate again in the 1990s. She moved to New York City and from 1983 to 1986 toured with Harry Belafonte.She signed with Blue Note in 1987 and that year her eponymous album, featuring Herbie Hancock, Freddie Hubbard, and Tony Williams, was nominated for a Grammy Award. She went on to win five Grammy Awards.Music critic Scott Yanow has said of her, "A logical successor to Dinah Washington and Carmen McRae, Reeves is a superior interpreter of lyrics and a skilled scat singer." Her sound has been compared to that of Patti Austin, Vanessa Rubin, Anita Baker, and Regina Bell.Reeves performed at the closing ceremony of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City. In 2005, she appeared in the film Good Night, And Good Luck singing 1950s standards (including "How High the Moon", "I've Got My Eyes on You", "Too Close for Comfort", "Straighten Up and Fly Right" and "One for My Baby"). In 2006 the soundtrack won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album.
Welcome to My Love (Palo Alto, 1982)
For Every Heart (TBA & Tapes, 1984)
Ballerina with Marcy Levy (BBC, 1984)
Dianne Reeves (Blue Note, 1987)
The Nearness of You (Blue Note, 1988)
Never Too Far (EMI, 1989)
I Remember (Blue Note, 1991)
Quiet After the Storm (Blue Note, 1994)
Art & Survival (EMI, 1994)
Three Ladies of Jazz: Live in New York (Jazz Door, 1995)
The Grand Encounter (Blue Note, 1996)
New Morning (Blue Note, 1997)
That Day (Blue Note, 1997)
Bridges (Blue Note, 1999)
In the Moment – Live in Concert (Blue Note, 2000)
The Calling: Celebrating Sarah Vaughan (Blue Note, 2001)
A Little Moonlight (Blue Note, 2003)
Christmas Time Is Here (Blue Note, 2004)
Good Night, and Good Luck (Concord, Jazz, 2005)
When You Know (Blue Note, 2008)
Beautiful Life (Concord, 2013)
Light Up the Night: Live in Marciac (Concord, 2016)
2005: Appeared as jazz singer in Good Night, and Good Luck, directed by George Clooney
2005: Dianne Reeves "Live in Montreal" (Montreal International Jazz Festival 2000)
2008: Dianne Reeves: The Early Years with Billy Childs and Snooky Young
Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance, Female:
2001: In the Moment – Live In Concert
2002: The Calling: Celebrating Sarah Vaughan
2004: A Little Moonlight
2006: Good Night, and Good Luck
2015: Beautiful Life
2003: Honorary doctorate, Berklee College of Music 
2015: Best Album, Jazz FM Awards, Beautiful Life
2015: Honorary doctorate, The Juilliard School
2018: NEA Jazz Masters
Official website
Interview video Bamboo-music.com (English & French), March 2008.
Thierry Quénum, "In Conversation with Dianne Reeves", Jazz.com, June 15, 2008
Felix Contreras, "Dianne Reeves: A Jazz Voice With Pop Sensibilities", NPR, February 1, 2011.
The 1938 Maine gubernatorial election took place on September 12, 1938. Incumbent Republican Governor Lewis O. Barrows defeated Democratic Party challenger (and former Governor) Louis J. Brann. Communist Party USA candidate Winfred V. Tabbutt received 325 votes.
Barrows' re-election coincided with a clean sweep by Maine Republicans.
John Hetherington & Sons was a textile machinery manufacturer from Ancoats, Manchester in England, founded in 1830
John Hetherington & Sons was founded in 1830. The company gradually expanded and acquired a number of factory buildings in Ancoats. It established the Vulcan Works on Pollard Street in around 1856 and left these buildings in 1939 when the Lancashire cotton industry was in decline.
The company then moved to the Union Iron Works at West Gorton. The Vulcan Works was still used until 2004, when it was sold to a property developer for conversion into flats.
In the recession of the 1930s, Platt Brothers, Howard and Bullough, Brooks & Doxey, Asa Lees, Dobson and Barlow, Joseph Hibbert, John Hetherington and Tweedales and Smalley merged to become  Textile Machinery Makers Ltd., but the individual units continued to trade under their own names until the 1970, when they were rationalised into one company called Platt UK Ltd. In 1991 the company name changed to Platt Saco Lowell.
Richard Marsden: Cotton spinning: its development, principles, and practice. Publisher: George Bell and sons, London  1884
Timeline John Hetherington and Sons in: Grace’s Guide
1921 John Hetherington & Sons Catalogue with description of machines
Details for lap machines; John Hetherington & Sons, Pollard Street, Ancoats, Manchester (England) 1890
Details for Heilmann combers
Works by or about John Hetherington & Sons at Internet Archive
The Solomon Islands Alliance for Change is a political alliance in Solomon Islands, led by the Solomon Islands Liberal Party, which was headed by Bartholomew Ulufa'alu until his death in May 2007.
The SIAC includes the National Party, the Solomon Islands Social Credit Party, the Solomon Islands Liberal Party, and the Solomon Islands Party for Rural Advancement.It was originally called the Solomon Islands Coalition for Change. The name was changed to the Solomon Islands Alliance for Change, or SIAC. It campaigned as the Solomon Islands Alliance for Change Coalition.It won power in 1997 and began government reform. Manasseh Sogavare was a member, and served as Finance Minister in Ulufa'ulu's Government.At the legislative elections, 5 December 2001, the alliance won 12 out of 50 seats. At the last elections in April 2006, it also won about 12 seats.
Aaron Edward Hotchner (June 28, 1917 – February 15, 2020) was an American editor, novelist, playwright, and biographer. He wrote many television screenplays as well as noted biographies of Doris Day and Ernest Hemingway. He co-founded the charity food company Newman's Own with actor Paul Newman.
Hotchner was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Sally (née Rossman), a synagogue/Sunday school administrator, and Samuel Hotchner, a jeweler. His family was Jewish. He attended Soldan High School. In 1940, he graduated from Washington University in St. Louis with degrees in both history (A.B.) and law (J.D.). He was admitted to the Missouri State Bar in 1941, and briefly practiced law in St. Louis in 1941–42.After the United States entered World War II following the Attack on Pearl Harbor, he served from 1942 to 1945 in the U.S. Army Air Corps as a journalist, attaining the rank of major.  When the war was over, he decided to forgo his law practice to pursue a career in writing.
Hotchner was an editor, biographer, novelist and playwright. In 1948, he met Ernest Hemingway, and the two were close friends until Hemingway died in 1961. Hotchner's biography of Hemingway, Papa Hemingway was written in 1966.  He wrote teleplays in the 1950s and 1960s adapting Hemingway's The Snows of Kilimanjaro, The Killers, The Fifth Column, and After the Storm. Hotchner's biography of Doris Day, Doris Day: Her Own Story, was published in 1975.
The film King of the Hill (1993), directed by Steven Soderbergh, is a screen adaptation of Hotchner's 1973 autobiographical novel of the same name.  A Depression-era, bildungsroman memoir, it tells the story of a boy struggling to survive on his own in a hotel in St. Louis, after his mother is committed to a sanatorium with tuberculosis and his younger brother is sent to live with an uncle. His father, a German immigrant and traveling salesman working for the Hamilton Watch Company, is off on long trips from which the boy cannot be certain he will return.Hotchner's play The White House starred Helen Hayes in a Broadway production staged at Henry Miller's Theater in 1964. Hayes played multiple First Ladies from United States history. It was performed at the White House itself in 1996. In 1993, Welcome to the Club, a musical comedy written with composer Cy Coleman, appeared on Broadway. In addition, Hotchner wrote A Short Happy Life, The Hemingway Hero, Exactly Like You (written with Coleman), and The World of Nick Adams.Hotchner's play Sweet Prince was produced off-Broadway in 1982, at the Theater Off-Park, starring Keir Dullea and Ian Abercrombie.
With actor Paul Newman, a friend and neighbor, Hotchner founded Newman's Own, Inc in 1982. All profits from this line of food products and other ventures are donated to charities. In 1988, Hotchner and Newman co-founded the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, a residential summer camp and year-round center for seriously ill children located in Ashford, Connecticut. The original camp was later expanded to become a number of other Hole in the Wall Camps at other locations in the U.S., Ireland, France, and beyond.  By 2016, there were 30 camps and programs serving the needs of over 130,000 children and families around the world, as part of the SeriousFun Children's Network.Hotchner was honored with a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame.Hotchner resided with his wife Virginia Kiser in Westport, Connecticut, where he spent most weekends, and cared for an African gray parrot. He died on February 15, 2020 at the age of 102.
The Boyhood Memoirs of A. E. Hotchner: King of the Hill and Looking for Miracles (Missouri History Museum Press, 2007, ISBN 978-1-883982-60-7)
The Dangerous American (Random House, 1958)
Papa Hemingway (Random House, 1966)
Treasure (Random House, 1970)
King of the Hill (Harper & Row, 1973, ISBN 978-0-06-011964-5)
Looking for Miracles: A Memoir about Loving (Harper & Row, 1975, ISBN 978-0-06-011965-2)
Doris Day, Her Own Story (G. K. Hall, 1976, ISBN 978-0-8161-6391-5)
Sophia, Living and Loving : Her Own Story (Morrow, 1979, ISBN 978-0-688-03428-3)
The Man Who Lived at the Ritz (Putnam, 1981, ISBN 978-0-399-12651-2)
Papa Hemingway : The Ecstasy and Sorrow (Morrow, 1983, ISBN 978-0-688-02041-5)
Choice People : The Greats, Near-Greats, and Ingrates I Have Known (Morrow, 1984, ISBN 978-0-688-02215-0)
Hemingway and His World (Vendome, 1989, ISBN 978-0-86565-115-9)
Blown Away: The Rolling Stones and the Death of the Sixties (Simon & Schuster, 1990, ISBN 978-0-671-69316-9)
Louisiana Purchase (Carroll & Graf, 1996, ISBN 978-0-7867-0309-8)
The Day I Fired Alan Ladd and Other World War II Adventures (U. of Missouri Press, 2002, ISBN 978-0-8262-1432-4)
Shameless Exploitation in Pursuit of the Common Good: the Madcap Business Adventure of the Truly Oddest Couple  Paul Newman and A.E. Hotchner, (Random House, 2003, ISBN 978-0-385-51159-9).
Everyone Comes to Elaine's (Harper Entertainment, 2004, ISBN 978-0-06-053818-7)
Paul and Me: 53 Years of Adventures and Misadventures with My Pal Paul Newman (Random House Digital, 2010, ISBN 978-0-385-53234-1)
O.J. in the Morning, G&T at Night (St. Martin's Press, 2013, ISBN 978-1-250-02821-1)
Hemingway in Love (St. Martin's Press, 2015, ISBN 978-1-250-07748-6)
The Amazing Adventures of Aaron Broom: A Novel, 2018, ISBN 978-0-385-54358-3
Distinguished Alumni Award, Washington University School of Law, 1992.
Honorary D.L., Washington University, 1993.
A.E. Hotchner at IMDb
"2015 interview on Hemingway in Love: The Unwritable Rant"
Washington University in St. Louis Magazine biography
Short bio at Washington University
Bio at St. Louis Walk of Fame
Short Bio from Bookbrowse
King of the Hill movie review by Richard Harrington, Washington Post, September 10, 1993
'Hemingway, Hounded by the Feds' op-ed by A. E. Hotchner, New York Times, July 1, 2011
[5] Finding Aid for A. E. Hotchner Papers, Washington University Libraries Special Collections
The Koranga River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It lies to the east of Te Urewera National Park, to the southwest of the settlement of Matawai, and flows northwest to reach its outflow into the Waioeka River.
List of rivers of New Zealand
Rodney A. Hawes Jr. (born 1939) is an American business executive, investor, and philanthropist. He served as the chairman and chief executive officer of  Life Re Corporation, a reinsurance corporation traded on the New York Stock Exchange, from 1992 until its 1998 merger with Swiss Re. He has made large charitable contributions to the Harvard Business School, where Hawes Hall was named in his honor.
Rodney A. Hawes Jr. was born in 1939 and grew up in Marsing, Idaho, near Boise. His father was a newspaper editor. His mother was a schoolteacher.Hawes graduated from Stanford University. He received a master in business administration from the Harvard Business School in 1969, where he was a Baker Scholar.
Prior to his MBA, Hawes worked for the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York (now AXA) for five years.Hawes founded Insurance Investment Associates, a mergers and acquisitions advisory firm for the insurance industry, in 1972.With coworkers, Hawes acquired the Life Re Corporation, a reinsurance corporation headquartered in Connecticut, in 1988.  Hawes served as its chairman and chief executive officer. The corporation was listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1992. It merged with Swiss Re in 1998.Hawes served on the board of directors of W. R. Berkley Corporation.
Hawes made a large donation to the Harvard Business School for the construction of Hawes Hall, named in his honor and completed in 2002. He also endowed the Beverly & Rodney Hawes Jr. Endowed Scholarship at Charter Oak State College.Hawes has served on the National Advisory Council of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University since 1997.
Hawes is married to Beverly. They have six children. Hawes was raised as a Presbyterian. He converted to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in 1966.
Percy P. Locey (November 28, 1894 – August 1981) was an American football player, coach, and a college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at the University of Denver from 1932 to 1935. He was the athletic director the latter at Oregon State College from 1937 to 1947. Locey was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1981 and into the Oregon State University Sports Hall of Fame in 1990.
Locey enrolled at Oregon State in 1915 and played competitive football as a freshman. His career and education, however, was put on hold for a short period during World War I.   Returning to Oregon State in 1921, he became an outstanding tackle on the Oregon State Aggies football team.  Locey lettered in 1915 and again from 1921 to 1923 and was team captain in 1923.  Locey was chosen to play in the 1925 East–West Shrine Game for his on-field achievements. He also served as student body president his senior years at Oregon State (1923–24).In 1926, Locey played football at the Olympic Club in San Francisco.  He was a member of the Olympic's "Winged-O" football eleven that handed the University of California's "Wonder Team" their first loss in five seasons.
In 1928, Locey took over as the head football coach at the Olympic Club in San Francisco.  In his first year with the Olympic Club, his team posted an undefeated season, with wins over future Pac-10 schools Stanford and California.  After the success of that season, Locey was promoted to head coach of all sports at the athletic club. He was named the coach of the West team in the annual East-West Shrine game in 1929, though his team was defeated that year, 19–7.
His next head coaching position was at the University of Denver, where he spent four seasons coaching in Denver and posted an overall record of 20–14–3, never having a losing season.
In 1937, Locey returned to Corvallis to become the athletic director at his alma mater. His most significant achievement as athletic director may have occurred shortly after the Beavers won the Pacific Coast Conference title in 1941, earning the right to play in the 1942 Rose Bowl against Duke. As Beaver fans hurried to buy tickets to the game in Pasadena, the attack on Pearl Harbor by Japan on December 7 soon put the game's future in doubt. The Army canceled the game, citing the potential of the game as a target, leaving Locey and Oregon State to scramble to find an alternative site. Locey chose Duke's home campus in Durham, North Carolina, and then oversaw the refund and reissue of game and train tickets as well as hotel reservations for the Beaver faithful. Despite being 3-to-1 underdogs, the Beavers upset Duke, 20–16, in what remains the Beavers' only Rose Bowl victory.Locey stepped down as athletic director in 1947.
Locey was named to the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1981 and the Oregon State University Athletics Hall of Fame in 1990, both for his football prowess. He died in Corvallis in 1981. His grandson, Jay Locey, was assistant head coach for the Oregon State Beavers football team from 2006 to 2014 and is now the head football coach at Lewis & Clark College in Portland, Oregon.
Citharichthys is a genus of flatfish in the large-tooth flounder family, Paralichthyidae. They have both eyes on the left sides of their heads. They are native to the oceans around the Americas, with a single species, C. stampflii off the West African coast. Most are found in relatively shallow depths, but the genus also includes species found in deep water (down to at least 2,000 m or 6,600 ft) and species that enter fresh water.Various species of sanddab, whiff, and flounder are in this genus, and the most common species is the Pacific sanddab, Citharichthys sordidus. They are a dull light-brown, and are mottled with brown or black, sometimes with yellow or orange. The largest species reaches 41 cm (16 in) in length.
The currently recognized species in this genus are:
Citharichthys abbotti C. E. Dawson, 1969 (Veracruz whiff)
Citharichthys amblybregmatus Gutherz & Blackman, 1970
Citharichthys arctifrons Goode, 1880 (Gulf Stream flounder)
Citharichthys arenaceus Evermann & M. C. Marsh, 1900 (sand whiff)
Citharichthys cornutus (Günther, 1880) (horned whiff)
Citharichthys darwini Victor & Wellington, 2013 (Darwin's sanddab)
Citharichthys dinoceros Goode & T. H. Bean, 1886 (spined whiff)
Citharichthys fragilis C. H. Gilbert, 1890 (Gulf sanddab)
Citharichthys gilberti O. P. Jenkins & Evermann, 1889 (bigmouth sanddab)
Citharichthys gnathus Hoshino & Amaoka, 1999
Citharichthys gordae Beebe & Tee-Van, 1938 (mimic sanddab)
Citharichthys gymnorhinus Gutherz & Blackman, 1970 (anglefin whiff)
Citharichthys macrops Dresel, 1885 (spotted whiff)
Citharichthys mariajorisae van der Heiden & Mussot-Pérez, 1995 (five-rayed sanddab)
Citharichthys minutus Cervigón, 1982
Citharichthys platophrys C. H. Gilbert, 1891 (small sanddab)
Citharichthys sordidus (Girard, 1854) (Pacific sanddab)
Citharichthys spilopterus Günther, 1862 (bay whiff)
Citharichthys stampflii (Steindachner, 1894) (smooth flounder)
Citharichthys stigmaeus D. S. Jordan & C. H. Gilbert, 1882 (speckled sanddab)
Citharichthys surinamensis (Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801)
Citharichthys uhleri D. S. Jorda], 1889 (voodoo whiff)
Citharichthys valdezi Cervigón, 1986
Citharichthys xanthostigma C. H. Gilbert, 1890 (longfin sanddab)
The Trial of Trebonius refers to the military trial of the Roman soldier Trebonius for killing Gaius Lusius, his superior officer and nephew of the Roman general and Consul, Gaius Marius. The trial served to show Marius’s impartiality when dealing out justice that made him popular among his soldiers as well as the common Roman citizens. Valerius Maximus calls Trebonius, Gaius Plotius. Because Plutarch says that this event contributed to Marius' third election as consul, the trial most likely took place in 104 BC.
Gaius Lusius was the son of the sister of Gaius Marius, and had been given the position of a commissioned officer during the Cimbrian War between Rome and the Proto-Germanic tribe of the Cimbri. Plutarch describes Lusius as a man who had sexual feelings for a young soldier under his command, but was not generally a bad man. Cicero describes the Trial of Trebonius (although not by name) and describes Trebonius as “the virtuous youth.” Valerius Maximus and Cicero both say that Lusius was a military tribune. Marian reforms to the military had lessened the power and number of military tribunes. Despite this, he attempted to use his position to seduce Trebonius, who had so far not cooperated with his advances. Lusius summoned Trebonius to his tent and attempted to rape the young soldier. Trebonius had no choice but to go to the tent, because he could not disobey the summons of his commander. Inside the tent, Trebonius killed Lusius with his sword.
Gaius Lusius’s uncle, Gaius Marius, returned and had Trebonius brought to trial. Plutarch describes there being many accusers against Trebonius, but no one to defend him. Cicero and Maximus both claim that Lusius's position as a tribune could account for this, in that he would have probably held political power during life, and others may have been afraid of a similar fate if Trebonius was not suitably punished. Trebonius took up his own cause and defended himself before the trial. He provided examples of Lusius’s unceremonious behavior, and offered up witnesses to testify about Lusius’s acts. Lusius had often made generous offers towards Trebonius and had often made advances on him, but Trebonius had never given into his seductions. 
Marius was impressed with both the courage of Trebonius’s self defence at his trial, as well as his unwavering affirmation of Lusius’s attempts to seduce and bribe him. He ordered the laurel which symbolized the prize for valour to be placed on the head of Trebonius. Marius declared Trebonius’s deeds as noble and that he was an example to show other Romans how to behave. Both Cicero and Valerius Maximus agree that it was Gaius Lusius’s advances towards Trebonius that led to his death. The prize for valour was a physical symbol showing that Trebonius should be respected and heralded for his incorruptibility and his determination. That Marius "took it and with his own hands placed it on Trebonius's head" shows his desire to be associated with such qualities.
The news of the outcome of the trial spread quickly, and helped Marius gain popularity and helped him achieve his third consulship of Rome.
For some, the results of the trial showed that Marius was a man who would reward noble deeds and was against immorality. The trial showed that Marius would not show favouritism towards even members of his own family if he believed them to be in the wrong. The trial was shown by several Roman authors to be an example of justice and that Trebonius should be held up as a moral example, influencing other Romans to take up his example and perform noble deeds. Although Trebonius was not of the nobility, as he was just a common soldier in an uncommon situation, it illustrated the ideal that all Roman citizens were expected to behave in a noble manner.
The trial is cited by Cicero in his defence of Milo for the killing of Clodius. Cicero uses it as an example in Roman history of a situation when it is acceptable to use violence, arguing that it is a time “when violence is offered, and can only be repelled by violence”.  The decision also says something about the thoughts on men soliciting others for sexual favours. Valerius Maximus gives the main cause of Gaius Lusius’s death not because he attempted to use his power over the common soldier for his own personal gain, but because “the reason was that Lusius had dared to approach Plotius (Trebonius) for sexual favours.”
Relatives of Gaius Marius
Cicero, In Defense of Milo
Anna Catherine Parnell (13 May 1852 – 20 September 1911) was an Irish nationalist and younger sister of Irish Nationalist leader, Charles Stewart Parnell.
Anna was born Catherine Maria Anna Mercer Parnell at Avondale House in Rathdrum, County Wicklow, Ireland. The tenth of eleven children of John Henry Parnell, a landlord and Delia Tudor Stewart Parnell, an Irish-American and the daughter of Admiral Charles Stewart (1778–1869) of the US Navy.  She had very little formal education as a child but the family had an extensive library which she was encouraged to read by her mother. After her father died in 1859 Anna moved with the family to Dublin. Delia Parnell was an active socialite while in Dublin and exposed her children to a wide variety of political views. Anna wrote poetry and painted. In 1865 the family moved to Paris but Anna felt stifled by upper class society rules imposed upon her. She was in Paris when the Franco-Prussian War broke out in 1870 and was active in the American Ladies' Committee fundraising and setting up hospitals.
Anna moved to London in 1875 to continue studying art. When her brother Charles was elected as an MP for Meath, Anna became increasingly political. She frequently visited Parliament during debates, sitting in the Ladies' Gallery. She wrote articles about the debates in a column titled Notes From the Ladies' Cage in the Celtic Monthly. In 1879 Anna joined her sister, Fanny Parnell (1848–1882), a poet, in New York where they raised money in support of the Irish National Land League. The sisters worked closely with their brother Charles and Michael Davitt but were critical of how the funds raised in America were being used in Ireland. In October 1880 the sisters founded the New York Ladies' Land League with their mother as president.
Anna returned in Dublin in late 1880. When it seemed that the Land League men were likely to be arrested, it was suggested that a women's league in Ireland could take over the work in their absence. Public opinion at the time was against women in politics, but the Ladies' Land League was founded on 31 January 1881 with Anna as its effective leader.When Charles Parnell and other leaders were imprisoned in 1881, as predicted, the Ladies' Land League took over their work. Though it was envisioned as a place holder until the men were released, Anna organised branches throughout Ireland, encouraging women to play an active role in Land League activities. Offices were given to the ladies but little help. They raised funds for the League and for the support of prisoners and their families. They distributed Land League wooden huts to shelter evicted tenant families and by the beginning of 1882 they had 500 branches, thousands of women members and considerable publicity.  They distributed GB£60,000 (equivalent to about £6,090,000 in 2019) in relief aid.This put the Ladies' Land League in serious debt. Anna approached Charles, requesting money to settle the debts. Charles, who distrusted Anna's understanding of politics, agreed to provide the money under the condition that the Ladies' Land League be disbanded. Anna agreed, disbanding in 1882, but she never forgave Charles.
After her brother's death in 1891 Anna lived the rest of her life in the south of England under the assumed name Cerisa Palmer. She wrote an angry account of her Land League experiences in Tale of a Great Sham, which was not published until 1986. She made one last political appearance when she campaigned for a Sinn Féin candidate in a 1907 by-election. She drowned at Ilfracombe, Devon in 1911 at the age of 59 and is buried in Holy Trinity churchyard there.
Margaret, Ward (2001). "Gendering the union: imperial feminism and the ladies' land league". Women's History Review. 10 (1): 71–92. doi:10.1080/09612020100200279. S2CID 144364571.
7 BIOGRAPHIES at www.scoilnet.ie
Patricia Groves, Petticoat Rebellion – The Anna Parnell Story, Mercier Press , Cork, 2009.
A. Parnell, Tale of a Great Sham, Dublin, 1986.
Jane Côté, Fanny and Anna Parnell: Ireland's patriot sisters, Gill and Macmillan Publishers, Dublin, 1991.
Jane Côté & Dana Hearne, Anna Parnell in Mary Cullen & Maria Luddy (eds.)
Women, power and consciousness, Dublin, 1995
Danae O'Regan, Anna and Fanny Parnell in History Ireland, Spring 1999.
Margaret Ward, Unmanageable Revolutionaries: women and Irish nationalism, Pluto Press, London, 1983
The list of current and past Rajya Sabha members from the Himachal Pradesh State. State elect 3 member for the term of 6 years and indirectly elected by the state legislators, since year 1956.
Keys:
  BJP (2) 
  INC (1) 
Alphabetical list by last name*  represents current Rajya Sabha members from HP State.
List of Lok Sabha Members from Himachal Pradesh
Rajya Sabha homepage hosted by the Indian government
List of Sitting Members of Rajya Sabha (Term Wise) 
MEMBERS OF RAJYA SABHA (STATE WISE RETIREMENT LIST)
Geoffrey Richmond (born March 1941) was a football chairman of Bradford City from 1994 to 2002, and previously chairman of Scarborough.
Richmond was born and raised in Leeds, where he attended Roundhay Grammar School. After leaving school, he worked as a salesman, selling children's encyclopedias door-to-door, car bulbs and car bumper and window stickers, before initially retiring before the age of 40. He bought Ronsons Lighters from the receivers for £250,000 before selling it in 1994 for £10m.Richmond became chairman of Bradford City on 27 January 1994 when he and David Simpson switched positions, with Simpson moving to Scarborough. He immediately loaned Bradford £2.3m to clear the club debts.He was at Bradford during their most successful times, including their first appearance at Wembley Stadium in the 1996 Second Division play-off final and their promotion to the Premier League in the 1998–99 season. He left after the club was relegated in 2001 and went into administration in 2002, having lost the confidence of the fans. The failure of the club was put down to heavy spending in the club's second season in the Premier League and the collapse of ITV Digital with the resulting loss of television rights. Richmond said: "I will never, ever, forgive myself for spending the money we did. Looking back now, it was six weeks of madness and I hold my hands up." He later added: "I went into my office on the following Monday and cleared my desk. As I drove away, I was in tears. It had been my life, and I have never been back since.Richmond was later linked with Notts County and Leeds United before being declared bankrupt in 2004. He owed £3.3m to the Inland Revenue, for the sale of Ronsons 10 years previously; the sum included £1m in interest.Richmond was also an advocate of the Phoenix League, a proposed second tier of the Premier League.He is married to Elizabeth. They have one son Michael. Geoffrey also has an older son David from a previous marriage. In July 2000, he was made a Doctor of Letters from the University of Bradford. Richmond was also chairman of New Rover Cricket Club, in Adel, Leeds.
Bibliography
The Commitment: Love, Sex, Marriage, and My Family is a non-fiction book by Dan Savage. It was first published by Dutton in 2005. The book delves into the author's experiences with his partner Terry Miller and their adopted son as they decide whether or not to get married. Throughout the course of the book, Savage incorporates an analysis of the debate over same-sex marriage within society.
The book reached The New York Times Best Seller list one month after it was published, and saw successful sales with independent bookstores. A review of the book in Publishers Weekly concluded, "As funny as David Sedaris's essay collections, but bawdier and more thought-provoking, this timely book shows that being pro-family doesn't have to mean being anti-gay." The Commitment received favorable reception from The Seattle Times, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, The Capital Times, and the Wisconsin State Journal. A review of the book in The Washington Post was critical, observing, "Savage fails to note any significant social progress or acknowledge the suffering of other repressed groups; he just drones on, preaching to the choir." The Rocky Mountain News noted, "If there's a flaw in The Commitment, it's that the author's gay activism tends to get heavy-handed as he comments on the gay lifestyle - a detraction from the subtle, poignant points he makes with humorous anecdotes."
The Commitment recounts the author's experiences along with his partner, Terry Miller, as they debate getting married after spending ten years in a relationship together. The impetus for the initial discussion was the motivation for marriage placed upon Savage by his mother. Savage attempts to answer the question, "How can two gay guys be in favor of legal, same-sex marriage and huge fans of the traditional family without wanting to marry?" He writes, "You reach your limit more quickly when your kid is sitting at the kitchen table in his Incredible Hulk pj's, eating his breakfast, pausing now and again to wiggle one of his loose baby teeth, all the while listening to his parents' relationship described as a threat to all things decent and good." Savage notes that he is employed and provides funding for the family, whilst Terry remains in their house and takes care of their son. A chapter of the book is also devoted to Savage's adopted son's birth mother, who was homeless.Throughout the course of the work, Savage takes the opportunity to analyze the controversy over same-sex marriage while taking a comedic approach to his writing style. He describes how marriage has been practised by Christians during medieval times, his family members, and acquaintances. The couple discuss the fact that within their state of Washington in the United States, marriage did not afford the couple legal protection. Terry informs Savage that he would rather utilize tattoos as a way of demonstrating the strength of the couple's relationship. Savage's son, six-years-old, tells him that he believes only women and men were able to marry each other. "Boys don't marry boys," his son informs him. Savage writes about his anxiousness over how the permanency of marriage might impact his relationship. He decides to explain to his son his views on the core meaning of marriage. The couple decide to wed, and are married in Canada.
The Commitment was first published by Dutton in September 2005. Plume released an e-book version in 2005, as did Dutton. A subsequent edition was published by Plume in 2006. An audiobook edition was published by Blackstone Audio, Inc., in 2011.
Sales of The Commitment: Love, Sex, Marriage, and My Family were successful, and it reached the eighth spot on The New York Times Best Seller list one month after it was published. In addition, The Commitment saw successful sales with independent bookstores. The Washington Post reported that according to Nielsen BookScan approximately 300,000 copies of the book were sold. The book received a positive reception from Publishers Weekly; the review commented, "Savage skewers ideologues, both pro– and anti–gay marriage, with his radical pragmatism. Disproving Tolstoy's dictum that 'happy families are all alike,' he takes a sharp-eyed, compassionate look at matrimony as it is actually practiced by friends, his raucously affectionate family and even medieval Christians." The review concluded, "As funny as David Sedaris's essay collections, but bawdier and more thought-provoking, this timely book shows that being pro-family doesn't have to mean being anti-gay." Brangien Davis wrote for The Seattle Times, "While Savage peppers the book with political observations both well researched and witty, The Commitment in no way reads like a diatribe." John Marshall of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer characterized the book as, "a witty, ribald memoir with his trademark zingers". Marshall commented, "'The Commitment' also considers important human questions: What is the nature of love? What does marriage require? What role do parental wishes play? And what if their adopted son is opposed to marriage but in favor of wedding cake?"A review of the book for The Washington Post written by Carolyn See was critical, observing, "Savage fails to note any significant social progress or acknowledge the suffering of other repressed groups; he just drones on, preaching to the choir." Heather Lee Schroeder of The Capital Times noted, "Savage's often raunchy advice columns might seem at odds with this self-revelatory memoir that explores gay marriage and the meaning of family through Savage's own attempts to marry his longtime partner." Journalist Laurence Washington of Rocky Mountain News wrote negatively of the author's apparent activism in the work, "If there's a flaw in The Commitment, it's that the author's gay activism tends to get heavy-handed as he comments on the gay lifestyle - a detraction from the subtle, poignant points he makes with humorous anecdotes." Washington's review concluded, "The Commitment is about gay marriage, to be sure, but Savage has written something much broader and more important - his is a story about humanity, relationships and the ties that bind, no matter what your sexual orientation might be." In a review for the Wisconsin State Journal, Gayle Worland wrote, "Since 'Commitment' is a Dan Savage work, it is relentlessly and understatedly funny. It is also an endearing memoir about family dynamics, a musing on the importance of lifelong vows and, at times, a sermon on the issue of same-sex marriage." The Daily Astorian noted, "Savage excels at scathing political commentary, as well as personal, brutally honest revelations that can make a reader weep."
LGBT adoption
LGBT rights in the United States
Same-sex marriage
Same-sex marriage and the family
Same-sex marriage in the United States
Status of same-sex marriage
Timeline of same-sex marriage
Roush, J (2006). "Dan Savage - The Commitment: Love, Sex, Marriage, and My Family". The Gay & Lesbian Review Worldwide. Boston, Massachusetts: www.glreview.com. 13 (2): 42. ISBN 9780452287631. OCLC 108458545. Retrieved May 28, 2011.
Dan Savage on 'The Commitment', National Public Radio
Roncesvalles Pass, Ronceval Pass or Roncevaux Pass (Spanish: Puerto de Ibañeta; Basque: Ibañetako Mendatea; French: Col de Roncevaux; elevation 1057 m) is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees near the border between France and Spain. The pass itself is entirely in Spain.
The pass is located between the towns of Roncesvalles and Luzaide/Valcarlos in Navarra, northern Spain. The closest town in France is Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port, at a distance of about 8 km (5.0 mi) from the Spanish border. It has customarily been an important point on the Santiago de Compostela pilgrimage route.
The route over the pass departs from Lintzoain on the Spanish side and from Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port on the French side.
The pass divides the valley of the Nive on the north from the valley of the Irati on the south.
In 778 Roland, the warden of the Breton March, had accompanied Charlemagne on his campaign into the Iberian peninsula across the Western Pyrenees. Einhard, the biographer of Charlemagne, mentions in his Vita Karoli Magni a fatal event involving Vasconian raiders who laid an ambush by hiding in the woods on top of a high mountain while Frankish troops were crossing the mountain pass. Subsequently, the raiders attacked the rear guards of the Frankish army on their way down into the valley. According to Einhard, Eggihard, the King's steward; Anselm ("Anshelmus"), Count Palatine; and Roland ("Hruodlandus"), Governor of the March of Brittany, with very many others, lost their lives during that ambush.According to tradition, Roncesvalles is the site where this event took place in 778, and hence today the battle is called Battle of Roncesvalles,. There is a stone monument near the pass commemorating the area where it is traditionally held that Roland died.
Nonetheless, the inhabitants of Valcarlos continue to claim that Valcarlos is the historic site where the battle of 778 took place because Charlemagne's troops were on their way back into the Frankish realm.
The battle in 824, sometimes called the Second Battle of Roncevaux Pass, was a battle in which a combined Basque-Qasawi Muslim army defeated a Carolingian military expedition in 824. The battle took place only 46 years after the first Battle of Roncevaux Pass (778) in a confrontation showing similar features: a Basque force engaging from the mountains a northbound expedition led by the Franks, and the same geographical setting (the Roncevaux Pass or a spot nearby).
The battle resulted in the defeat of the Carolingian military expedition and the capture of its commanders Aeblus and Aznar Sánchez in 824. The clash was to have further reaching consequences than those of the 778 engagement: the immediate establishment of the independent Kingdom of Pamplona, a landmark in Basque history.
On 25 July 1813 a battle between French Napoleonic troops and Anglo-Portuguese forces took place at the Roncesvalles Pass during the Peninsular War (1808–1814). This Battle of Roncesvalles ended in an Anglo-Portuguese defeat.
Brecha de Rolando
Roncesvalles Avenue
The Song of Roland
Japekrom is a town in the Jaman South Municipality of the Bono Region of Ghana. It has been an important town since the colonial Gold Coast days in Ghana's History, then referred to as Pruano (on the riverbank of Pru-river) but spelled as Pulliano in colonial Gold Coast maps. The Japekromhene has direct blood relations with the Gyamanhene, the overlord of the 'Bono' Kingdom, who currently resides in la Côte d'Ivoire. The township was built on a foundation of solid stone and as a result of resistance to any form of suppression or oppression. During the pre-colonial and early post-colonial years, Japekrom became one of the central places of convergence of the people of the Gyaman 'Bono' Kingdom.
The current Gyamanhene, His Royal Majesty Nana Kwasi Adinkra Agyemang IV, had some of his early education at Japekrom.
Traditional leaders of the Japekrom strongly uphold the principles of truth, fairness, hard work, a welcoming heart, inclusion and preservation of culture. The people of Japekrom are very welcoming of people from other tribes and cultures.The original settlers on the riverbank of Pru (Pruano) prospected for gold and other minerals along the banks of river Pru. Two major rivers in the Japekrom city are Pru and Papasu.
The chiefs and people of Mpuasu-Japekrom Traditional Area are known for the celebration of the annual Munufie Festival (annual yam harvest festival). This is usually celebrated at Japekrom in the last quarter of every year and brings together chiefs, queen mothers, dignitaries and several people (both in Ghana and abroad) to participate and witness the events. It is celebrated to mark the close of the farming season and to set the tone for the commencement of the yet another farming season. It is the major festival of the Mpuasu-Japekrom Traditional Area.The central point of Japekrom and its environs (including villages within 10 kilometers) has a total population of about 34,107. This implies that a greater portion of the population of the municipality lives around Japekrom. Japekrom has a settlement population of about 34,107.
Agriculture is the main occupation among the workforce of Japekrom and environs. Aside from peasant farming activities which involve the growing of cassava, maize, yam, and tomatoes, the farmlands of Japekrom are predominantly used in the plantation of cashew which is mainly cultivated as a cash crop.
Japekrom is host to one of the best hospitals in Bono region. The hospital has an excellent staff and serves not only Ghanaians but patients from other neighbouring countries like Côte d'Ivoire. It is rated among the top hospitals in Ghana.
Japekrom is host to one of the best hospitals in Bono region, the Japekrom Health centre. The hospital has an excellent staff and serves not only Ghanaians but patients from other neighbouring countries like Côte d'Ivoire. It is rated among the top hospitals in Ghana.
Camilo da Silva Sanvezzo (born 21 July 1988) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga MX club Mazatlán.
Camilo began his career in the youth ranks of Oeste Paulista Esporte Clube. In 2009, he moved to Corinthians Alagoano and remained there one year before taking his career to Europe.
Camilo had a successful start with Qormi, scoring the winning goal on his debut against Sliema Wanderers, a hat-trick against Msida St. Joseph, and another hat-trick against reigning champions Hibernians.Come midseason Qormi received an offer from a South Korean club for the striker, although they rejected the offer, explaining the bid was too small and Camilo's important role at the club.Camilo played a vital role in Qormi's successful season, scoring 24 goals in 22 league matches – an average of more than one goal per game.
On 7 July 2010, Camilo moved to K-League side Gyeongnam. Camilo struggled to capture the form that made him a prolific scorer in Malta. With Gyeongnam he appeared in seven games without scoring a goal. However, he did score six goals in seven appearances for the club's 'B' team.
Camilo trialed with Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer prior to the 2011 season. His trial was successful and the club signed him on 17 March 2011. He made his debut for the Whitecaps as a late substitute in their opening game of the 2011 season against Toronto FC. He scored his first two goals for the Whitecaps on 2 April 2011 against Sporting Kansas City, contributing the team's second and third goals in a 3–3 comeback draw; this also made him the first player in MLS history to score two goals in stoppage time. Camilo was named as the Whitecaps FC Player of the Year for his contributions to the team during the 2011 season, including a team-high 12 goals and consistency on the field.Camilo signed a contract extension with Vancouver on 1 February 2012. However, Camilo did not have a great start to the year. He did not regain his consistent form until the final games of the season. Camilo scored a goal and added 3 assists in a 4-0 win against Chivas USA. In total, Camilo tallied five goals and 7 assists in 28 matches during the 2012 Major League Soccer season, compared to 12 goals and 3 assists the prior season.Camilo rebounded from a mediocre 2012 season to be considered a potential league MVP candidate in 2013. During the season, Camilo tallied 6 assists.  Additionally, Camilo closed the 2013 season with a hat-trick at home against Colorado Rapids to win the MLS scoring race with 22 goals.Following his impressive season, Camilo was the subject of interest from Rosenborg, Norway's most decorated club. However, at that time, Whitecaps president Bob Lenarduzzi indicated that Camilo was under contract and that the club was looking forward to having him back for the 2014 season. In January 2014, Camilo was once again the subject of transfer rumors after reportedly being linked to Querétaro of Mexico's Liga MX, with some media outlets even reporting that the deal was already completed. However, Whitecaps management quickly stated that there was no truth to the rumors, and details were subsequently removed from Querétaro' website. However, despite the denial a deal had been reached, Camilo continued to train with Querétaro. Whitecaps officials labelled Camilo's behaviour as "unacceptable and inappropriate" and "unprofessional".  Fan reaction was split, with anger directed both at Camilo and the Whitecaps front office for how the situation was handled.
On 17 January 2014, the transfer saga came to an end as Vancouver received a then club record $2.1 million transfer fee. 
In the Apertura 2014, Camilo was the top goal scorer of the tournament with 12 goals (tied with Mauro Boselli).
Just weeks after his return from a knee injury that kept him out of the Clausura 2015, Sanvezzo sustained another injury and missed the rest of the Apertura 2015 and a major part of the 2016 Clausura. On 15 April 2016, after more than seven months injured, Camilo returned in a home match where Querétaro defeated Club América 1–0.Camilo's nickname became "El Lobo" in 2016. 
On 28 April 2019, Camilo scored his final goal as well as providing an assist to then teammate Ayron del Valle in 2–1 home win against Veracruz. The following week on 4 May 2019, he played his final game against Necaxa playing the full 90 minutes, the match ended in a 1–0 loss.
As of 28 April 2019, he is currently the club's all time top scorer with 67 goals.
Camilo has not represented Brazil, his country of birth, at any level. In July 2013, it was revealed that Camilo was considering representing Canada internationally. Camilo applied for permanent residency but had to wait to gain full citizenship before he could appear for the Canadian national team, a process that Ghana-born former Whitecaps teammate Gershon Koffie was already undertaking. About the prospect, Camilo stated, "Vancouver is a good city, Canada is a beautiful country and if I get the opportunity I will decide with my family."
As of 30 October 2020
QuerétaroCopa MX: Apertura 2016
Supercopa MX: 2017
Maltese Premier League top goalscorer: 2009–10
Vancouver Whitecaps FC Player of the Year: 2011, 2013
Canadian Championship Golden Boot: 2013
MLS All-Star: 2013
MLS Golden Boot: 2013
MLS Goal of the Year Award: 2013
Liga MX top scorer: Apertura 2014 (shared with Mauro Boselli)
Camilo Sanvezzo – Liga MX stats at MedioTiempo.com (in Spanish)
Camilo Sanvezzo at Soccerway
Camilo Sanvezzo at Major League Soccer
Camilo Sanvezzo – K League stats at kleague.com (in Korean)
Crooked Shadows is the seventh studio album by American rock band Dashboard Confessional. It was released on February 9, 2018 through Fueled by Ramen and Dine Alone Records. It is their first studio album in nine years, following 2009's Alter the Ending.
The album debuted at number 53 on the Billboard 200, as well as number four on both the Billboard Rock Albums and Alternative Albums charts.
On November 15, 2017, "We Fight" premiered on Beats 1. Alongside this, Crooked Shadows was announced for release in February the following year. On December 18, a music video was released for "Belong", directed by Joe Zohar. Two days later, a music video was released for "We Fight", directed by David Mack. In early January 2018, the band performed the track on Conan. On January 19, "Heart Beat Here" was made available for streaming. Crooked Shadows was released on February 9 through Fueled by Ramen.In February and March 2018, the group embarked on a headlining US tour with support from Beach Slang. In August, they went on a co-headlining US tour with All Time Low. A second leg was planned to follow in September and October, however, the day before this was to start, the band pulled out of a few days due to Carrabba dealing with a family emergency. Four days later, the group pulled out of the second leg entirely. On November 15, a music video was released for "Just What to Say", directed by Ryan Hamblin.
Crooked Shadows was met with "mixed or average" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 57, based on 9 reviews. Aggregator Album of the Year gave the album 60 out of 100 based on a critical consensus of 9 reviews.
Chris Carrabba - Lead Vocals, guitar, keyboard
Armon Jay - Guitar, backing vocals
Scott Schoenbeck - Bass, keyboard
Chris Kamrada - Drums, percussion
The Gardens of Maecenas, or (Horti Maecenatis) built by Gaius Maecenas, an Augustan-era patron of the arts, was an estate including a luxurious villa and buildings in the suburbs of Rome, in the Hellenistic-Persian garden style. He sited them on the Esquiline Hill, atop the agger of the Servian Wall and its adjoining necropolis, near the horti Lamiani.
Lucullus started the fashion of building luxurious garden-palaces in the 1st century BC with the construction of his horti on the Pincio hill, soon followed by Sallust's horti between the Quirinal, Viminal and Campus Martius, which were the largest and richest in the Roman world. In the 3rd century AD the total number of horti occupied about a tenth of Rome and formed a green belt around the centre. The horti were a place of pleasure, almost a small palace, and offered the rich owner and his court the possibility of living in isolation, away from the hectic life of the city but close to it. A fundamental feature of the horti was the large quantity of water necessary for the rich vegetation and for the functioning of the numerous fountains and nymphaeums. The area was particularly suitable for these residences as 8 of the 11 large aqueducts of the city reached the Esquiline.
In the Roman Republican era the eastern Esquiline outside of the Servian Walls was a cemetery with open pits (puticuli) for the poor. The Esquiline gate was where criminals were executed and their bodies left for scavengers. Around 40 BC reform of public cemeteries was promoted by Maecenas, the friend and later minister of Augustus, and begun under his reign. In 38 BC the Roman Senate banned open-air corpse cremation within a 2 mile radius of the city. The original phase of the garden was constructed by the conclusion of the 30s BC (the use of opus reticulatum brickwork is the basis for this dating). This was achieved by burying the whole district alongside the Agger of Servius Tullius under 6-8 m of earth and creating luxurious gardens on top. The results were celebrated in a song by Maecenas' friend, Horace:
NuncLicet Esquiliis habitare salubribus, atque Aggere in aprico spatiari, quo modo tristes Albis informem spectabant ossibus agrum.Today one may live on a wholesome Esquiline, and stroll on the sunny ramparts where of late one sadly looked out on ground ghastly with bleaching bonesMany of the burial pits of the ancient necropolis, attested to predate the gardens, have been found near the north-west corner of the Piazza Vittorio Emanuele, that is, outside the porta Esquilina and the Servian Wall and north of the via Tiburtina vetus. Probably the horti extended north from that gate and road on both sides of the agger.
Augustus preferred to stay in the gardens of his friend whenever he became ill. When Maecenas died in 8 BC, he left the gardens to Augustus in his will, and they became imperial property. Tiberius lived there after his return to Rome in 2 AD. Nero connected them with the Palatine Hill via his Domus Transitoria, and was alleged to view the burning of that palatial house from the turris Maecenatiana This turris might be the molem propinquam nubibus arduis ("the pile, among the clouds") mentioned by Horace.Towards the end of the Julio-Claudian dynasty, Seneca the Younger contended with the legacy of Maecenas through the lens of decadence-despising Stoic philosophy. He said the gardens' immersive blend of art, nature, and water allowed Maecenas to "divert his worried mind with the sound of rippling waters." This negative reception of the gardens as a weak hermit's retreat is rooted in an indictment of the overarching effeminacy, illiberalism, and intoxication of the class and time which they symbolised. Sensory manipulation and distraction, on the scale of the garden or Maecenas' patronage within, spelled a loss of control incompatible with proper patriarchal goals.The imperial tutor and consul Marcus Cornelius Fronto purchased the gardens by the mid-2nd century AD. In addition to his surviving correspondence with Marcus Aurelius, which boasts of a special connection to Horace forged by owning the land of Maecenas, nine lead water-pipes inscribed with his name were found adjacent to the so-called auditorium. A domus Frontoniana, mentioned during the twelfth century in the topographical guide to Rome by Magister Gregorius, also may refer to these gardens.
Rodolfo Lanciani reported on the discoveries made during the feverish post-unification development of Rome into an urban capital city and of the new Esquiline district in 1874. Structures of the residential sector of the villa were found, including the so-called Auditorium (as shown on Lanciani's Map 23) and further excavations took place from 1876 to 1880. However, some adjoining remains were minimally described and quickly destroyed.  The archaeology must have been extremely complex as excavations reported several levels of buildings. Those located higher up in brickwork were perhaps pertinent to a thermal baths of the third century. In the deeper layers were walls of opus reticulatum attributable to the era of Maecenas.
The buildings on the outside of the vaults of the oldest rooms reused sculptures presumably belonging to the decoration of the horti as building material. Here were found the beautiful statue of Marsyas in pavonazzetto marble, the statue of the muse Erato, the statue of a dog from Egypt, a splendid statue of Demeter, etc. In addition Lanciani pointed out " several torsos of fauns and Venus, a flower vase worked in the form of a puteal and decorated with ivy and flowers; a broken altar (...), the lower part of a group of a hero and a draped woman; seven herms of Indian Bacchus, philosophers, athletes ... ". Together with the sculptures there were also numerous mosaics, including those in opus vermiculatum mounted on tiles, to be used as central emblematic of precious floors.
In 1914 another notable building nucleus, including both reticulatum structures and brick walls was found a few metres from the Auditorium of Maecenas at the intersection of via Merulana and via Mecenate during the reconstruction of the Politeama Brancaccio Theatre. A map of the finds illustrates a coherent archaeological situation probably attributable, at least in part, to the original layout of a sector of the horti.
The Latin all-encompassing term for gardens, horti, is an effective misnomer, as in antiquity it referred generally to luxury villas on the outskirts of Rome, so-named for especially prominent vegetation and urban removal. The rustic yet holistic complex seems to have featured libraries, pavilions, riding grounds, baths, and an aviary. Each part of the gardens was visually and physically accessible by successive terraces and porticos.The Aqua Marcia, an essential aqueduct for the city, delivered high-quality water directly past Maecenas's property on the Esquiline, making the grounds uniquely poised to be maintained as one of the first private, landmark Roman gardens. This was crucial to another purported logistical feat of the gardens; Maecenas is said to be the first Roman to build a hot water swimming pool.Maecenas's sponsored retinue of influential Latin poets recorded some direct observations of his Esquiline gardens. Propertius mentions that Maecenas “preferred a shady oak and falling waters and a few reliable acres of fruitful soil." In his ode to Maecenas, his close associate Horace emphasizes the sweeping elevation of the garden estate over the expanse of Rome, ultimately symbolic of his friend's detached yet esteemed semi-retirement, spent closely advising Augustus.
The numerous works of art found at the end of the 19th century (during the construction works of the new Esquiline district) testify to the collecting taste of Mecaenas and the luxury lavished in the furnishings of this suburban residence, like other horti. Several marble fountains, pointedly mirroring the unparalleled gardens around them, blur the line between the tamed cultivation and human imitation of nature. Among these animal likenesses stand out the horn-shaped rhyton signed by the Greek artist Pontios, now displayed in the Capitoline Museums, a refined relief with a Dionysian subject derived from Hellenistic models of the 2nd century BC, the so-called statue of the dying Seneca, a relief with dancing Maenads inspired by Greek models from the end of the 5th century BC, the head of an Amazon copy of an original dated 5th century BC and the statue of Marsyas in pavonazzetto marble and a statue of a dog in green marble (serpentine moschinato).Many of them were found reduced to fragments reused as building material within late-ancient walls, according to a well-established custom in Rome especially on the Esquiline. The "Charioteer of the Esquiline" group, a work of notable artistic profile from the early imperial age created in the style of the 5th century BC, together with the statue of Marsyas, are examples of a successful recovery reassembled with fragments found in the same area.Other remarkable works, which denote a continuous reference to the Greek artistic civilisation, are represented by a group of funerary steles of Attic origin and by valuable copies of Greek works, such as the statue of Demeter or that of the fighting Hercules from an original of the end of the 4th century BC.
The Late Republican-era room preserved on the grounds of the horti, termed the "auditorium of Maecenas" in modernity, was most likely a triclinium, functioning as a private banqueting hall attached to residential quarters. The structure was built directly into the Servian Wall, as the city had long outgrown the defensive fortifications, and on top of the agger. Verse of Horace attests to the domestic architectural takeover of the Servian Wall in Esquiline garden estates, as when he writes of a "stroll on the sunny rampart."The long rectangular hall with a channel running through the centre terminated with seven monumentalised, marble-clad steps in a semicircular apse. Drill-holes, accommodative of pipes, indicate this to be the cascade fixture of a fountain and make the building a triclinium frequented mainly in the summer season, well sheltered from the sun and refreshed by the waterfall.
The inside of the room was doubly secluded, with an ancient ramp leading visitors to a subterranean level. An elite ekklesiasterion-like recitation hall or a sumptuously decorated triclinium were not mutually exclusive, but often seasonally convertible. Couches would have been placed in the middle of the room, perhaps facing a performance on the transept end.Evidence as to the social and chronological context of the building includes an erotic epigram by the Greek poet Callimachus, painted onto the interior wall, which entreats a male lover to forgive misbehaviour caused by lust and wine. A visually prominent Hellenistic precedent reinforced the individualistic emotionalism and witty experimentation valued by Augustan neoteric and elegiac writers, who would have frequented the weighty functions of Maecenas, a renowned cultivator of culture. In fact, a Latin adaptation of the same poem appears in the works of Propertius, who certainly spent significant time on the estate.The interior wall sports seventeen niches, five along the apse and six on either side, decorated with naturalistic frescos depicting landscapes and gardens. However, their correlation to the Pompeian Third Style of Roman painting makes this decoration a likely product of later renovations done by Tiberius. Painting motifs evocative of the Dionysian Mysteries, such as drunken processional scenes with thyrsi and maenads prominent, match the early imperial fascination with cult initiation rites.The wall enclosing the southeastern side is a post-excavation addition. In its ancient form, the room seems to have been theatrically opened to the city below. Panoramic exposure to both the Alban Hills and the surrounding neighbourhoods ensured that occupants could view all while themselves being seen.
Horace, Satires i.8.14 - "nunc licet Esquiliis habitare salubribus atque / aggere in aprico spatiari, quo modo tristes / albis informem spectabant ossibus agrum,/cum mihi non tantum furesque feraeque suetae/hunc vexare locum curae sunt atque labori/quantum carminibus quae versant atque venenis/humanos animos: has nullo perdere possum/nec prohibere modo, simul ac vaga luna decorum/protulit os, quin ossa legant herbasque nocentis."
Acro, Porphyrio, and Comm. Cruq. ad loc.
Topographical Dictionary
The Horti of  Maecenas on the Esquiline in Rome - a diachronic topography
Late Night Alumni is an American house group composed of Becky Jean Williams, John Hancock, Finn Bjarnson and Ryan Raddon (Kaskade). They are primarily known for mixing dance music with strings and soft trance-like vocals.
Finn Bjarnson stumbled upon Becky Jean Williams (sister to R. John Williams, the lead singer of Faded Paper Figures) in the summer of 2003. “I had just been given a local Christmas CD that I had produced a couple tracks for,” Finn recalls, “and as I was listening through the tracks, there she was! Her beautiful voice and style immediately struck me.” A couple of phone calls later and they were in the studio together for the first time. “I had worked up this song called ‘Empty Streets’ and wanted to try her voice out on it...” Finn continues, “and it took off from there!”
Finn had already been working in the studio with Ryan Raddon (aka Kaskade), and soon Finn, Ryan, and Becky formed Late Night Alumni. In 2004, Hed Kandi made an offer to license and release a full length Late Night Alumni album. “At that point,” Finn says, “I knew the band was not ready. We were missing an element.” That missing element turned out to be John Hancock, a talented local producer with whom Finn had been trying to “find an excuse” to work for years. The band was complete and hard at work at the debut Late Night Alumni album; mixing electronic and organic elements for a unique brand of chill that is easily distinguishable in today’s down tempo house music scene.
Empty Streets was released in September, 2005. Around the same time, Hed Kandi was bought out by Ministry of Sound and the album got shelved. However, despite lack of support from the group's record label, it soon grew into an underground classic.
The single of the same name received massive support in both clubs and on radio, getting Top Ten Radio Play in the UK and EU, and reaching #1 in Spain. “Empty Streets” has also been licensed to commercials including a spot for the Toyota IQ. In addition, more than a dozen dance compilations have licensed the track, and it remains the most popular and downloaded song on Tiesto’s “In Search Of Sunrise” compilation.
Of Birds, Bees, Butterflies, Etc., the follow-up album to Empty Streets, was released as a digital download on November 3, 2009, with the physical CD released on February 2, 2010 on Ultra Records. On September 1, 2009, the group released "You Can Be The One," their first single from the album, which was available on Beatport & iTunes. This single was followed up with a remix by Sultan & Ned Shepard, which was released on September 22, 2009.
The second single from the album, "Finally Found", was released on December 22, 2009. It contains the original track, remixes by Max Vangeli and DJ Eco and a reprise of the song. A music video was released on March 16, 2010.A music video for a live rendition of "You Can Be The One" was recorded at Velour in Utah. It features four violinists along with the four members of Late Night Alumni. Fans are comparing the video to Kaskade's live version of "4AM," which also features Becky Jean Williams on lead vocals and Finn Bjarnson on guitar.An acoustic version the song "Golden" and a live version of their track "What's In A Name" was also posted on their YouTube channel.Two of their songs, "Uncharted" and "You Can Be the One", were featured in the film Crazy, Stupid, Love which was released 29 June 2011.
Haunted was released as a digital download on February 8, 2011. During the recording process, the group hoped to create a different dynamic by physically working together through most of the process rather than being isolated and using electronic communication methods to collaborate. The name of the album was inspired by ideas of being haunted by nostalgia and memories from the past while dealing with change in the present, although the old character of the undisclosed location in Salt Lake City where they recorded may have also influenced the title.Only one single has been released so far, "It's Not Happening".
A music video for the song "Main Street" was uploaded to YouTube on October 17, 2011.The song "In The Ashes" was also well received, and is a fan favorite.
The group released their fourth studio album, The Beat Becomes A Sound, through iTunes on January 29, 2013.
The first single, "Shine", was released earlier on September 18, 2012 and the remixes were released later on February 26, 2013. Ultra Records has uploaded the official music video to YouTube on October 3, 2012.Singles after the album's release include "Sapphire" (May 28, 2013) and the Myon & Shane 54 remix of "Every Breath Is Like a Heartbeat" (September 3, 2013).
The group released their fifth studio album "Eclipse" on June 6, 2015. The album has elements of electro-house and trance.
2005 - Empty Streets
2009 - Of Birds, Bees, Butterflies, Etc.
2011 - Haunted
2013 - The Beat Becomes a Sound
2015 - Eclipse
2019 - Silver
2009 - "A Whole New World" (from the album House Disney by Peabo Bryson)
2012 - "How Long" (with Kaskade & Inpetto) (from the album Fire & Ice by Kaskade)
2013 - "Why Ask Why" (with Kaskade) (from the album Atmosphere by Kaskade)
2014 - "Under Your Cloud" (with Myon & Shane 54)
2018 - "Hearts & Silence" with Myon (Ride Recordings, https://soundcloud.com/myonmuzik/tune-of-the-week-myon-x-late-night-alumni-hearts-silence-myon-club-mix)
2019 - "LOW" with Myon (Ride Recordings)
2004 - Kaskade "Steppin' Out" (Late Night Alumni Slow Dance Mix)
2007 - Kaskade "Sometimes" (Late Night Alumni Mix)
2009 - Late Night Alumni "Finally Found" (LNA Reprise)
2013 - Kaskade "Raining" (Late Night Alumni Mix)
2013 - Polytype "Cyclone" (Late Night Alumni Remix)
2014 - Ivan Gough & Feenixpawl feat. Christine Hoberg "Hear Me" (Late Night Alumni Remix)
2014 - Colette "Physically" (Late Night Alumni Remix)
2017 - Late Night Alumni - Love Song (Kaskade's Redux Mix) (https://soundcloud.com/arkade/late-night-alumni-love-song-kaskades-redux-remix)
2017 - Late Night Alumni - Only for Tonight (Fatum Signature Mix)
2018 - Late Night Alumni - Love Song (Myon Definitive Mix)
2019 - Late Night Alumni - Low (Myon Tales From Another World Extended Mix)
2020 - Late Night Alumni - Empty Streets (Parallels Remix)
Official Website
Official Myspace
Artist Page at Ultra Records
Hed Kandi
Kaskade
Official Facebook Page
Beatport
Discography at Discogs
iTunes
YouTube Channel
Shin Kyuk-ho (3 November 1921 – 19 January 2020), known in Japan as Takeo Shigemitsu, was a Korean businessman known for being the founder of the South Korean conglomerate Lotte Corporation.
Shin was born in Ulsan, Korea in 1921. In 1941, he stowed away on a ship to Japan, where he studied chemical engineering at Waseda Jitsugyo High school. He adopted the Japanese name Takeo Shigemitsu and opened a rice cooker manufacturing plant in 1942. After the plant was destroyed during an air raid, Shin founded Lotte in 1948, which grew from selling chewing gum to becoming a major multinational corporation.In 2006, Shin and his family were ranked 136th on Forbes magazine's list, "The World's Billionaires." In 2009, Shin was ranked 38th on the magazine's list of South Korea's richest people. Lotte itself was South Korea's fifth largest conglomerate as of 2017.In June 2017, Shin retired from his role as board director of Lotte Holdings Co. after holding the position for nearly 70 years.In December 2017, he was sentenced to four years in prison after he was convicted of embezzling 128.6 billion won (119 million USD) from Lotte. However, Shin was allowed to remain free given his poor health.
Shin had a total of four children from three marriages. His first wife, Noh Soon-hwa, died in 1949. They had one daughter, Shin Young-ja (born 1944). Shin then married a Japanese woman, Hatsuko Shigemitsu, in 1952 under the common-law marriage system. They had two sons, Shin Dong-joo (born 1954) and Shin Dong-bin (born 1956). Shin was also married to Seo Mi-Kyung in South Korea under the country's common-law marriage system. They had one daughter, Shin Yu-mi (born 1982). Because of this bigamic common-law marriage status, some regard Seo Mi-Kyung as a concubine of Shin Kyuk-ho.Shin Dong-bin, second son of Shin Kyuk-ho and Hatsuko Shigemitsu, referred to Seo Mi-Kyung as "My father's girlfriend".
Lotte
Estherton is an unincorporated area in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, in the Harrisburg-Carlisle area. It is on the Susquehanna River just north of the city of Harrisburg in Susquehanna Township. It is served by the Harrisburg post office with the zip code of 17110.
Estherton was founded as Coxestown, or Coxtown, in 1764 by John Cox Jr. after his wife, Esther. It was the second town laid out in Dauphin County, after Middletown.
Map of Estherton
Susquehanna Township Map
The Iluiliq National Park Reserve, formerly the Cap-Wolstenholme National Park Reserve, is a protected area located in the far north of Quebec, in Canada. This territory of 1,263 kilometres (784.79 mi) protects cliffs and fjords reaching heights of 300 meters (980 ft). It also contains the third largest colony of Thick-billed Murre in North America.
Nunavik
Cape Wolstenholme
National Parks of Quebec
The Interstate Highways in South Dakota are the segments of the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways owned and maintained by the South Dakota Department of Transportation in the US state of South Dakota.
 U.S. Roads portal
 Media related to Interstate Highways in South Dakota at Wikimedia Commons
Metodontia is a genus of land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae. This genus is considered to be the most primitive of the bradybaenid snails.
Species within the genus Metodontia include:
Metodontia beresowskii (Mollendorff, 1899)
Metodontia griphodes (Sturany, 1901)
Metodontia huaiensis huaiensis (Crosse, 1882)
Metodontia huaiensis (Mollendorff, 1886)
Metodontia yantaiensis yantaiensis (Crosse & Debeaux, 1863)
Metodontia yantaiensis tetrodon (Mollendorff, 1875)
These are terrestrial snails.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1720, adopted unanimously on October 31, 2006, after recalling all previous resolutions on the situation in Western Sahara, including resolutions 1495 (2003), 1541 (2004) and 1675 (2006), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (MINURSO) for six months until April 30, 2007.Of the fifteen members of the Security Council, 14 approved a draft resolution that included a provision expressing concern about Moroccan human rights abuses in the occupied territory; only France objected, and thus the paragraph was omitted from the final text. The United States had suggested wrapping up the mission during discussions prior to the adoption of Resolution 1720.
The Security Council reaffirmed the need for a durable and mutual solution to the Western Sahara problem, which would provide for the self-determination of the people of the territory.  Both Morocco, the Polisario Front and regional states were urged to co-operate with the United Nations to end the political impasse and reach a solution to the long-running dispute.
All parties were called upon to respect military agreements reached with MINURSO regarding a ceasefire. Member States were called upon to consider contributing towards confidence-building measures to facilitate greater person-to-person contact, such as family visits. The mandate of MINURSO was extended and the Secretary-General Kofi Annan instructed to report on the situation in Western Sahara. Furthermore, he was also instructed to ensure greater compliance with the zero-tolerance sexual exploitation policy among MINURSO personnel.
Free Zone (region)
Legal status of Western Sahara
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1701 to 1800 (2006–2008)
Moroccan Wall
Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
 Works related to United Nations Security Council Resolution 1720 at Wikisource
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
Pierre-Luc Brillant (born January 29, 1978) is a Canadian actor and musician. He is best known for his performance in the film C.R.A.Z.Y., for which he received a Prix Jutra nomination for Best Supporting Actor in 2006.Brillant is also a musician and songwriter. He has recorded two albums as a duo with his spouse, actress and singer Isabelle Blais.
The Clean Machine (Tirelire Combines & Cie) - 1992
Matusalem II - 1997
Memories Unlocked (Souvenirs intimes) - 1999
Life After Love (La vie après l'amour) - 2000
C.R.A.Z.Y. - 2005
On the Trail of Igor Rizzi (Sur la trace d'Igor Rizzi) - 2006
Deliver Me (Délivrez-moi) - 2006
My Daughter, My Angel (Ma fille, mon ange) - 2007
Borderline - 2008
Everything Is Fine (Tout est parfait) - 2008
The Kate Logan Affair - 2010
La Run - 2011
Fear of Water (La Peur de l'eau) - 2011
Small Blind (La mise à l'aveugle) - 2012
The Fireflies Are Gone (La disparition des lucioles) - 2018
The Nest (Le nid) - 2018
Pierre-Luc Brillant at IMDb
Union Township is one of the 25 townships of Licking County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 8,783, of whom 3,702 lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Located on the southern edge of the county, it borders the following townships and city:
Granville Township - north
Newark - northeast
Heath - northeast
Licking Township - east
Thorn Township, Perry County - southeast corner
Buckeye Lake - southeast
Walnut Township, Fairfield County - south
Liberty Township, Fairfield County - southwest corner
Harrison Township - west
St. Albans Township - northwest cornerSeveral municipalities are located in Union Township:
Part of the village of Buckeye Lake, in the southeast
The village of Hebron, in the east
It is one of 27 Union Townships statewide.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
Official website
County website
State Highway 108 (SH 108) is a state highway that runs from Strawn to Stephenville.
SH 108 begins at an intersection with SH 16 in downtown Strawn, and travels east out of town on Housley Street.  The highway turns south in Mingus, where it intersects SH 193.  South of Mingus, the highway intersects and briefly travels east with Interstate 20.  The route then departs to the southeast, where it reaches Stephenville.  The route intersects U.S. Routes 67 and 377 in Stephenville, before reaching its southern terminus at U.S. Route 281 just south of Stephenville.
SH 108 was originally designated on March 16, 1925 from Thurber to Stephenville, along with an extension southward to Lampasas. On June 22, 1925, a branch to Chalk Mountain was added. On July 13, 1925, SH 108 was extended south to San Antonio, with one section replacing a section of SH 46. On March 8, 1926, SH 108 was extended north to Strawn. On June 24, 1931, the section south of Strawn was redesignated as the new state-length SH 66, and the rest was cancelled in exchange of mileage. On July 22, 1932, the section of SH 108 from Stephenville to Strawn was restored. SH 108 has followed the same routing since that time.
State Highway 108A was a spur routing of SH 108 that led from Lampasas east to Temple. The route was designated on March 16, 1925. On March 19, 1930, the route had been renumbered as SH 53.
The Kuwait Science and Natural History Museum is a museum in Safat,  Kuwait City, Kuwait, located on Abdullah Al-Mobarak Street. The museum is operated and managed by the Ministry of Education.  
The museum was opened in 1972. It explores the country's technological and scientific progress and it contains artifacts and demonstrations of the Petroleum industry in Kuwait. It is a member of the International Council of Museums.The museum is organized in the following departments: Natural history department, space science department, planetarium, electronics department, machinery department, zoology department, aviation department and a health hall.
Tourism in Kuwait
Official website
Adrian David Walker is a US Computer Scientist, born in London, England.
Adrian Walker attended Dartington Hall School, an experimental boarding school in England where attendance at classes was optional.  He obtained a Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering at Sheffield University (where he also chaired the Arts Society and edited a poetry magazine), and a Master's degree in Systems Engineering
from the University of Surrey. He next obtained a PhD in Computer Science
from the State University of New York.
He was Assistant Professor at Rutgers university in New Jersey, then Member of Technical Staff at Bell Labs. He moved to the IBM Almaden Research Center in California as a Research Staff Member then to the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown NY as manager of Principles and Applications of Logic Programming.
After 17 years at IBM, he formed his own company, where he works on Internet Business Logic, a system for social knowledge acquisition and use in executable English.
Selected work:  Walker's early work
established a novel correspondence between stable patterns in formalised biological systems and the well known Chomsky hierarchy of languages—regular, context free, and context sensitive. He continued in grammar-based research
by showing how Bayes' theorem can be used to fit a stochastic regular grammar to a collection of data, a result that can be used to inductively infer hidden Markov models. Walker next showed
that, under certain practically useful assumptions, it is possible to compute the semantics of sets of syllogism-like rules in open vocabulary, largely open syntax English, in such a way as to answer English questions put to databases. This relaxes an onerous assumption made in many computational natural language understanding systems—namely, that the vocabulary must be narrowly restricted to obtain a useful level of understanding.
A logical theory of knowledge developed in
is applied in a system on the Web (reference 7, below) that combines three kinds of semantics – (a) data, as in SQL or Resource Description Framework, (b) inference, and (c) English, to answer questions over networked databases, and to explain the results in hypertexted English. The subject knowledge needed to do this (e.g. knowledge about the oil industry, or about energy independence, etc.) can be captured in social network style, by typing executable English into browsers. This contrasts with other social media, such as Twitter and Facebook, in which knowledge written in English is readable, but cannot be executed as a computer program.
Walker, Adrian. "Understandability and Semantic Interoperability of Diverse Rules Systems".
Planning Policy Statement 22: Renewable Energy commonly abbreviated as PPS 22, is a document produced by the British Government which sets out the Government's policies for renewable energy, which planning authorities should have regard to when preparing local development documents and when taking planning decisions. The current version was introduced in August 2004 and replaced Revised PPG 22.
Planning Policy Statements
Town and country planning in the United Kingdom
Planning and Compulsory Purchase Act 2004
The Merton Rule
Mome was a quarterly full-color comics anthology edited by Eric Reynolds (comics), and published by Fantagraphics Books. ("Mome" is an archaic term for a fool or a blockhead.)Mome was conceived as a contemporary literary journal, albeit one that tells its stories via the medium of comics rather than prose. It features stories by a core roster of young cartoonists, including Andrice Arp, Gabrielle Bell, Jonathan Bennett, Jeffrey Brown, Martin Cendreda, Sophie Crumb, Eleanor Davis, David Heatley, Paul Hornschemeier, Anders Nilsen, John Pham, and Kurt Wolfgang; as well as irregular contributions from other cartoonists such as Al Columbia, Jim Woodring and Tim Hensley. Each issue also includes an interview with one of the contributors conducted by Gary Groth.
Mome's final issue, #22, was published in 2011 and was a 240-page double-sized issue.
Mome was nominated for a 2007 Harvey Award for Best Anthology; and was nominated for a 2008 Eisner Award for Best Anthology.
Mome page at Fantagraphics website
Tillandsia portillae is a species of plant in the family Bromeliaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador.  Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Manzanares, J.M. & Pitman, N. 2003.  Tillandsia portillae.   2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.   Downloaded on 23 August 2007.
William Duncan (1717 in Aberdeen – 1760 in Aberdeen) was a Scottish natural philosopher and classicist, professor of natural philosophy at Marischal College, Aberdeen.
Educated at Marischal College, Aberdeen, he was appointed professor of natural philosophy there in 1752. His popular Elements of Logic, first published in Robert Dodsley's The Preceptor (2 vols, London, 1748), combined a Lockean theory of knowledge with syllogistic logic. He translated the Commentaries of Julius Caesar and orations of Cicero; at his death, translations of Plutarch's Lives and a continuation of Thomas Blackwell's Court of Augustus were left unfinished.
Elements of Logic, 1748
The Commentaries of Caesar, Translated, 1753
Cicero's Select Orations, 1756
Works by or about William Duncan in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Christoffel van IJsselstein (died after 1510) was the illegitimate son of Frederik of Egmont, Count of Buren and Leerdam, Lord of IJsselstein (died 1521), and an unknown mother.
He was appointed as bailiff of Sint-Maartensdijk and Scherpenisse by his father and is cited as such in 1500 and 1505.He and his descendants bore the Egmond arms quartered with those of IJsselstein.By his marriage to Elisabeth van Renesse, he had the following children:
Willem van IJsselstein (died in or before 1588), Sheriff (Dutch: drost) of Genemuiden; he married firstly Margriet Joostdr van Wijngaarden, and secondly Elisabeth Becker, with both of whom he left progeny. A son by his first wife, Christoffel van IJsselstein (died 1593), was a Lieutenant-General (1579) in the forces of the United Provinces during the Dutch Revolt and acted as Governor of Geertruidenberg (1573–75) and Heusden (1588).
Fransken van IJsselstein, married Coenraat van Diepholt (died 1572), Marshal of the Nether-Bishopric of Utrecht and Montfoort, Castellan of Abcoude.
The Ernest C. Drury School for the Deaf is a provincial school in Milton, Ontario, Canada with residential and day programs serving elementary and secondary deaf and hard-of-hearing students.
Along with three (SJW and Robarts School for the Deaf) other provincial schools for the deaf in Ontario, it is operated by the Ministry of Education under Education Act of Ontario section 13 (1).Teachers are both deaf and hearing.
Deaf student population is approximately 90 students in the senior school and 100 in the elementary school; total is 190 students.
Deaf students from Canada often attend Gallaudet University in Washington D.C. and Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester, New York for post-secondary programs.
Before 1963, land was farm.
This school is named after the former premier of Ontario, Ernest C. Drury. It has been renamed two times: The Ontario School for the Deaf (1963–1973) and The Ernest C. Drury School for the Deaf (since 1974).
1963-1973 - 600
1973-1980 - 400-350
1980-2000 - 350-250
2000-2015 - 250-200
2015-2019 - 200-190
The Ernest C. Drury School for the Deaf uses a bilingual-bicultural approach to educating deaf and hard-of-hearing students. American Sign Language (ASL) and English are the languages of instruction.
Gary Malkowski, former Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) and Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Citizenship.
Anthony Natale, a prominent figure in the world of Deaf media and a distinguished performer in film, television, and theater.
Amanda Richer, an award-winning actress and director. She was Sally Hawkins American Sign Language coach on the Best Picture Oscar winning film, The Shape of Water.
Ernest C. Drury School for the Deaf
The Government of El Salvador is a presidential representative democratic republic. The seat of the central government is in San Salvador.
El Salvador elects its head of state, the President of El Salvador, directly through a fixed-date general election whose winner is decided by absolute majority. If an absolute majority is not achieved by any candidate in the first round of a presidential election, then a run-off election is conducted 30 days later between the two candidates who obtained the most votes in the first round. The presidential period is five years, and re-election is not permitted.
The executive branch of the government of El Salvador consists of the following departments, each led by a minister:
Agriculture & Livestock
Economy
Learning (Capital)
Environment & Natural Resources
Finance
Foreign Relations
Government
Sports
Labor & Social Welfare
Public  Security & Justice
Public Works
Tourism
Attorney General
The Ministry of Defence of El Salvador commands the armed forces, consisting of the following branches:
Army of El Salvador
Navy of El Salvador
Air Force of El Salvador
The Salvadoran legislature is a unicameral body. It is made up of 84 deputies, all of whom are elected by direct popular vote according to closed-list proportional representation to serve three-year terms and are eligible for immediate re-election. Of these, 64 are elected in 14 multi-seat constituencies, corresponding to the country's 14 departments, which return between 3 and 16 deputies each. The remaining 20 deputies are selected on the basis of a single national constituency.
Supreme Court of El Salvador
Constitution of El Salvador
Politics of El Salvador
Elections in El Salvador
List of political parties in El Salvador
Clanculus villanus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.
The size of an adult shell varies between 10 mm and 21 mm. It differs from the typical forms of Clanculus in lacking the strong tooth at the base of the columella. The very solid shell has a conical shape. It is cinereous-olive or purplish, lighter beneath, and sparsely dotted with black. The about 6 whorls are slightly convex, and spirally lirate. The body whorl is encircled by about 14 granose separated lirae, of which about 6 are on the upper surface, their interstices bearing spiral stripe. The body whorl is obtusely angular at the periphery, slightly convex beneath, a little descending anteriorly. The aperture is rounded-tetragonal. The outer and basal lips are plicate within. The columella is as in Clanculus guineensis Gmelin, 1791 but longer. The narrow umbilicus is deep. The parietal wall is slightly calloused and is wrinkled.
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off Senegal and Gabon.
Bernard, P.A. (Ed.) (1984). Coquillages du Gabon [Shells of Gabon]. Pierre A. Bernard: Libreville, Gabon. 140, 75 plates pp.
"Clanculus villanus". Gastropods.com. Retrieved 2 July 2011.
Robert Stanley Pontifex (born 27 December 1942) is a resident of North Adelaide, South Australia.
On Australia Day 2016, he was honoured as a Member of the Order of Australia in the General Division for significant service to the community of South Australia, particularly through support for the arts.Pontifex is well known for his contribution to art, music and theatre, especially his work with the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra.
This is a list of all captains of the Hawthorn Football Club, an Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League.
Hawthorn Football Club Honour Board
Eric Maurice Shelton (born February 2, 1991) is an American mixed martial arts fighter competed in the Flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. A professional competitor since 2013, he has also competed for the RFA and was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Tournament of Champions.
Shelton began his professional MMA career in July 2013, upon compiling an impressive 11–2 record during his amateur career. Over the next three-and-a-half years he fought mainly in the mid-west, amassing a record of 10–2.
In July 2016, it was announced that Shelton would be a cast member of The Ultimate Fighter: Tournament of Champions. He was ranked #15 and selected by Team Benavidez.
In the first round, Shelton defeated Yoni Sherbatov via technical submission (rear-naked choke) in the second round. In the quarterfinals, he defeated Ronaldo Candido by unanimous decision. In the semifinals, Shelton lost to eventual winner Tim Elliott via unanimous decision after two rounds.
After The Ultimate Fighter, Shelton was signed to a UFC contract. He faced Alexandre Pantoja in his debut on January 28, 2017 at UFC on Fox: Shevchenko vs. Peña. He lost the fight via split decision.In his second fight for the promotion, Shelton faced Jarred Brooks on July 29, 2017 at UFC 214. He again lost the fight via split decision.In his third fight for the promotion, Shelton faced Jenel Lausa on November 19, 2017 at UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Tybura. He won the fight via unanimous decision to earn his first UFC victory.Shelton faced Alex Perez on February 24, 2018 at UFC on Fox: Emmett vs. Stephens. At the weigh-ins, Perez weighed in at 126.5 pounds, half a pound over the lightweight non title fight upper limit of 126 pounds. As a result, the bout proceeded at catchweight and Perez was fined 20% of his purse, which went to Shelton. Shelton lost the fight via unanimous decision.Shelton faced Joseph Morales on November 10, 2018 at UFC Fight Night: Korean Zombie vs. Rodríguez. He won the fight via split decision.Shelton faced Jordan Espinosa on March 23, 2019 at UFC Fight Night: Thompson vs. Pettis. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.On May 26, 2019 it was reported that Shelton was released by UFC.
After being released from the UFC, Shelton signed with the WXC. He made his promotional debut against Jesse Bazzi at WXC 83 on October 30, 2019. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
With the win, Shelton earned a title shot against Juancamilo Ronderos at WXC 85 on December 18, 2019. He lost the fight via split decision.
On June 6, 2020, news surfaced that Shelton had signed with ARES FC.Shelton faced Rilley Dutro for the vacant Caged Aggression Flyweight Championship on May 8, 2021. He claimed the championship after Dutro suffered an elbow injury in the fourth round.
Caged Aggression
Flyweight Champion (Two times; current)
*Date given is the air date of the episode. The actual dates of the fight are not released by the UFC.
Eric Shelton at UFC
Professional MMA record for Eric Shelton from Sherdog
The District of Columbia War Memorial commemorates the citizens of the District of Columbia who served in World War I. Located on the National Mall, it was constructed in 1931 as a domed, peristyle Doric temple.
The memorial was built to honor World War I soldiers that died in the war. It stands in West Potomac Park slightly off of Independence Avenue in a grove of trees.  Authorized by an act of Congress on June 7, 1924, funds to construct the memorial were provided by the contributions of both organizations and individual citizens of the District.  Construction of the memorial began in the spring of 1931, and the memorial was dedicated by President Herbert Hoover on November 11, 1931 (Armistice Day).  It was the first war memorial to be erected in West Potomac Park, part of the National Mall near the Lincoln Memorial, and remains the only local District memorial on the National Mall.
Designed by Washington architect Frederick H. Brooke, with Horace W. Peaslee and Nathan C. Wyeth as associate architects, the District of Columbia War Memorial is in the form of a 47-foot (14.3 m) tall circular, domed, peristyle Doric temple.  Resting on concrete foundations, the 4 foot (1.2 m) high marble base defines a platform, 43 feet 5 inches (13.2 m) in diameter, intended for use as a bandstand.  Preserved in the cornerstone of the District of Columbia World War Memorial is a list of 26,000 Washingtonians who served in the Great War.  Inscribed on the base are the names of the 499 District of Columbia citizens who lost their lives in the war, together with medallions representing the branches of the armed forces.  Twelve 22-foot (6.7 m) tall fluted Doric marble columns support the entablature and dome.
In September 2008,  Rep. Ted Poe of Texas, with the support of Frank Buckles, then the last living US veteran of World War I, proposed a bill in Congress stating the memorial should be expanded and designated the national memorial to World War I.In July 2010, the National Park Service announced that restoration work, funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, would soon begin on the memorial. Work began in October 2010, and the memorial reopened on November 10, 2011.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.The memorial is administered by the National Park Service under its National Mall and Memorial Parks unit.
List of public art in Washington, D.C., Ward 2
National Register of Historic Places listings in central Washington, D.C.
16th Street World War I Memorial Trees
National World War I Memorial (Washington, D.C.) (planned)
Views of the National Parks – National Park Service
Historic American Buildings Survey (2005), No. HABS DC-857
http://www.ww1cc.org/memorial U.S. World War I Centennial Commission
World War I Memorial Foundation
DC Preservation League Most Endangered Places for 2003
District of Columbia Service in World War One and the DC World War Memorial
Slow Motion Apocalypse is the second studio album by Grotus, released on April 20, 1993, by Alternative Tentacles. Boasting eastern music influences and a more mature sound, the album is considered by some to be the highlight of their career, despite Allmusic considering Brown their best album pick. The album also leans towards a more metal sound, unlike the first and last releases.
Trouser Press noted that the album contains "the alluring music of Luddite and a judicious bit of the sampling activity of Brown" and "Middle Eastern flavor that conjures images of an armor-plated belly dancer."
All lyrics are written by Lars Fox; all music is composed by Grotus, except "Good Evening" by Lars Fox and "Slow Motion Apocalypse" by Adam Tanner.
Adapted from the Slow Motion Apocalypse liner notes.
Ramasundara Karunalaya Pandian is an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Independent candidate from Sankaranayanarkoil constituency in 1952 election.
Captain William Leeming Harrison  was a Canadian fighter ace in the First World War.  He was credited with twelve aerial victories.
William Leeming Harrison enlisted in the 220th Battalion (12th Regiment York Rangers), CEF of the Canadian Expeditionary Force on 3 April 1916 in his home town of Toronto. He gave his birth date as 30 December 1897, although he may have provided a false age. He was a student living at home with his father, Doctor William Spencer Harrison. The military doctor noted the younger Harrison's age as 18 years 3 months, his appearance as fair, with brown eyes and dark hair. He was 5 feet 11 inches tall, and had a scar on his right thumb.
Circumstances of Harrison's early service are still cloudy. There are two records of his becoming an officer. On 29 May 1917, Harrison was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Canterbury Mounted Rifles. Effective 17 June 1917, Harrison was commissioned as a probationary second lieutenant.He finished pilot's training in summer 1917 and was assigned to fly a Nieuport in C Flight, 40 Squadron. On 9 August 1917, he destroyed a German observation balloon over Arras for his first victory. The squadron re-equipped with new Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5as, and Harrison used his new craft for his second victory, when he destroyed a Deutsche Flugzeug-Werke reconnaissance plane on 18 January 1918. On 26 February, he drove down an Albatros D.V out of control. Mid-day and late afternoon wins on 6 March made him an ace. He scored five more times in March, ending the month as a double ace. After destroying another German plane on 1 April, he was promoted to captain and transferred to 1 Squadron as a flight commander. He destroyed a Pfalz D.III on 11 April 1918, to round out his tally at a balloon and seven enemy airplanes destroyed, and four driven down out of control. He was then wounded and left combat duty. His Military Cross was awarded in May 1918, with a Bar in lieu of a second award following.
2nd Lt. William Leeming Harrison, R.F.C., Spec. Res.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty in aerial fighting. He destroyed two enemy machines and drove down others out of control. He always showed a splendid spirit of dash, keenness and tenacity, coupled with determination and skill in attacking enemy aircraft.
Harrison was also awarded a Bar to his Military Cross in lieu of a second award.
Harrison went on the unemployed list of the Royal Air Force on 29 September 1919.
The UN Yemen Observation Mission (UNYOM) was established in 1963. 
North Yemen entered into a state of civil war in 1962. Yemen had joined Egypt in 1958, and then in 1962, separated again, sparking the conflict.
To ensure that this conflict did not escalate into an international incident, the UN set up the UN Yemen Observation Mission.
Around 1963, Saudi Arabia and Egypt joined in the civil war. The task of UNYOM was to monitor Saudi Arabia and Egypt in order to make sure they did not tilt the conflict one way or another and avoided causing a potentially harmful dispute through that part of the Middle East.
UNYOM's commanders:
Major General Carl von Horn (Sweden) – July–August 1963
Colonel Branko Pavlovic (Yugoslavia) (acting) – August–September 1963
Lieutenant General P.S. Gyani (India) – September–November 1963
UNYOM's Chiefs of Staff:
Colonel Branko Pavlovic (Yugoslavia) – November 1963
Colonel S.C. Sabharwal (India) – November 1963 – September 1964
Records of the United Nations Yemen Observation Mission (UNYOM) (1963–1964) at the United Nations Archives
El fogón de los gauchos is a 1935  Argentine musical film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen.
Diana Bernal
Silvia Cecy
Alberto Miranda
Roberto Roldán
El Fogón de los gauchos at IMDb
HMS Enchantress (L56) was a  Bittern-class sloop, built for the British Royal Navy. She was the lead ship of her class, being laid down as Bittern, but renamed before launching as Enchantress. 
She was active during the Second World War, serving mainly as a convoy escort, and was a successful anti-submarine warfare vessel, being credited with the destruction of an Italian submarine in 1942.
Laid down as Bittern on 9 March 1934 by John Brown of Clydebank, this ship, the first of her class, was one of a series of general purpose vessels that could be employed as escorts in time of war. She was intended for use as an Admiralty yacht, and renamed Enchantress (taking the name of the previous vessel in this role) before launching on 21 October 1934. She completed on 4 April 1935 and commissioned four days later.
At the outbreak of hostilities in September 1939 Enchantress was allocated to convoy escort duty, coming under the direction of Western Approaches Command. In this role Enchantress was engaged in all the duties performed by escort ships; protecting convoys, searching for and attacking U-boats which attacked ships in convoy, and rescuing survivors. In the six-year Atlantic campaign Enchantress escorted more than 100 trade convoys, mostly on the Gibraltar and South Atlantic routes, ensuring the safe and timely arrival of more than 3,000 ships.
Enchantress was involved in three convoy battles during 1940, and a fourth in 1941, all on the North Atlantic route. In July 1940, while escorting OB 188, the convoy came under attack, losing four ships to U-34. In October SC 6 had three ships sunk and one damaged by two U-boats; in November SC 11 lost seven ships in one night to U-100. In February 1941 OB 322 lost four ships to U-47. Two other convoys escorted by Enchantress were attacked, losing three ships, but she was not present at the time; two other convoys lost ships after dispersal. 
In May 1941 Enchantress docked for a refit, and installation of Hedgehog, a new anti-submarine weapon, which she was first to trial. Following this Enchantress was assigned to the South Atlantic route, taking convoys to and from Freetown in Sierra Leone. In January 1942 she was fitted with HF/DF radio-detection gear. In September she was assigned to the escort force for Operation Torch. In December, while escorting KMS 4, Enchantress engaged and destroyed the Italian submarine Corallo off the coast of Algeria.
Returning to the Atlantic in 1943, Enchantress continued escort duty on the Freetown route, until recalled in May 1945 for refit and deployment to the Pacific. In August she was en route to join the British Pacific Fleet when the Japanese surrender took place.
In 1946 Enchantress returned to the UK and paid off; she was disarmed and sold into merchant service as Lady Enchantress. In 1952 she was discarded and sold for scrap.
During her service Enchantress was awarded three battle honours:
Atlantic 1939–45
Mediterranean 1942
North Africa 1942–43
During her service Enchantress was credited with the destruction of one U-boat (enemy submarine):
R Gardiner, R Gray : Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships: 1906–1921 (1985) ISBN 0-85177-245-5
Arnold Hague : The Allied Convoy System 1939–1945 (2000). ISBN 1-55125-033-0 (Canada); ISBN 1-86176-147-3 (UK).
Stephen Roskill: The War at Sea Vol II (1956) ISBN (none)
HMS Enchantress at navalhistory.net
HMS Enchantress at uboat.net
HMS Enchantress at britainsnavy.co.uk
Hagensia is a small genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae. Its two species are known only from coastal areas in South Africa. Workers are large (10.5–13.0 mm); queens are unknown, but gamergates (reproductive female workers)  occurs in both species.
Hagensia havilandi (Forel, 1901)
Hagensia peringueyi (Emery, 1899)
Impletosphaeridium elegans is an extinct species of dinoflagellates in the order Gonyaulacales. It is from the Early Tertiary.
Impletosphaeridium elegans at dinoflaj
Kvitretten (1991-2001 in Trondheim, Norway) was a Norwegian vocal group, known for improvisation and a cappella music releases, concerts, television shows, and international tours.
Kvitretten was initially comprising arranger and composer Eldbjørg Raknes,  Kjersti Stubø (91-97), Tone Åse, Anna Sundström (91-94) and Hans Jørgen Støp (91-95). They were to be found at the festival «Nordlyd» 1993 with the commissioned work Ro u ro by Elin Rosseland, composer supported by Rikskonsertene. After some replacements, Raknes, Stubø, Åse and Kristin Asbjørnsen released the debut albumet Voices (1996) with lyrics by Raknes and Sidsel Endresen. They collaborated on the commissioned work Hysj by Lars Martin Myhre for «Vestfoldspillene» 1997, with a record released 1997, as well as on Vintersang (1998) by Odd Børretzen, and received Norsk Kulturråd's ensemble support 1997-99.
With Solveig Slettahjell replacing Stubø they released Everything turns (1999). Twenty-six texts by poet Torgeir Rebolledo Pedersen was performed as a commissioned work for Moldejazz 2000, and released on the album Kloden er en snurrebass som snurrer oss (2001). After touring in Germany farewell concerts were held 2000-01.Their music and arrangements has besides Raknes, been composed by Jon Balke, Elin Rosseland, Vigleik Storaas, Christian Wallumrød and Ståle Storløkken.
1996: Voices (Curling Legs)
1999:Everything Turns (Curling Legs)
2002: Kloden er en snurrebass som snurrer oss (Curling Legs), lyrics by the poet Torgeir Rebolledo Pedersen
1997: Hysj (Tylden & Co.), with Lars Martin Myhre
1998: Vintersang (), with Odd Børretzen
Eldbjørg Raknes Website
Saint Catherines Bay is an unincorporated community in the town of Stockbridge, Calumet County, Wisconsin, United States.
Odostomia contrerasi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
To World Register of Marine Species
George Stapleton (born Dublin, Ireland, in 1777, died 1841, in Dublin) was a prominent Irish stuccodore, son of Michael Stapleton.
Stapleton was first listed in the Dublin Directory in 1817 as a plasterer residing at No. 1 Mountjoy Place (which was built by his father). Between 1818 and 1828 he was listed as a "Stucco-worker and builder". His addresses were given both as Mountjoy Place and The Casino, Roebuck, the former home of Robert Emmet. He married Anastasia Bodkin, of Galway, in 1806, and they had five children: Michael, first surgeon in the Mater Hospital, George and Thomas, who went into law, Maria, who married William Conlan of the brewing family, and Olivia who married Count James Nugent.
From 1802 to 1824 he was employed at Trinity College, Dublin.
Around 1802 he also started working with Francis Johnston, the leading architect of the time in Ireland.
Among buildings in Dublin that he decorated are:
Chapel Royal (Dublin Castle) (1807-1814)
Dublin Castle (1809-1821)
The King's Bench and the Rolls Court of Admiralty (1812)
The Court of the Exchequer
The Richmond Penitentiary, Grangegorman (designed by Johnston, 1816)
The Chief Secretary's Lodge (known since the 1970s as "Deerfield", now the official residence of the United States Ambassador to Ireland) (1815)
The Vice Regal Lodge, now Áras an Uachtaráin, official residence of the President of Ireland
St. George's Church, Hardwicke Place (designed by Johnston)Other buildings:
Ballynegall House, Co. Westmeath.
Stapleton built a number of houses in Dublin, including three in Middle Abbey Street, one in Middle Gardiner Street and one in Gregg's Lane (now Cathal Brugha Street).
John Fedosoff (born November 19, 1932) is a former award-winning and Grey Cup champion Canadian Football League player.Coming straight out of Mimico High School he joined the Toronto Argonauts in 1952 and won the Gruen Trophy for best rookie in the eastern Big Four (no stats were kept and only Canadians were eligible.) He also won the Grey Cup that year.  A versatile two way player, in 1955 he joined the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and had his best year, rushing for 241 yards and 4 touchdowns, and intercepting 3 passes (which was good for an All-Star selection on defence.) He also won his second Grey Cup in 1957 with the Ti-cats. He joined his home province Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1958, also playing 2 games with the Montreal Alouettes that season before retiring.
Hans Schwarz (1492 – after 1521), was a German sculptor and medallist.
He was born in Augsburg, Germany and according to the RKD he died around 1532. He is known for medals and medallions.
Moozhikkal is a small town on Wayanad Road in Kozhikode East, Kerala, India. 
Moozhikkal is administered by Kozhikode Corporation which is a local city council here.
Jama'at Juma musjid
Moozhikkal Kavu Bhagavathy Temple
Moozhikkal Madathil Kunnummal Maha Vishnu Temple
Moozhikkal purayidam sarppakavu is a scared grove of Moozhikkal. 
There is another sacred grove for monkeys near Moozhikkal.
Moozhikkal junction has become prominent because it forks to Calicut Medical College and Parambil Bazar areas.
Indian Institute of Spices Research is located near Moozhikkal.  This organization is a subsidiary of Indian Council of Agricultural Research, a federal agency of the Government of India.  
The Institute was established in 1975. The institute provides project based education at masters and doctorate levels.  Ph.D. is offered in Biochemistry, Botany, Horticulture, Hematology and Soil Chemistry.  The institute has a number of fully equipped labs.
Canal+ Cinéma is a French TV channel devoted to movie programming. It belongs to Les Chaînes Canal+ and the Ciné-Séries package of Canal+. It does not broadcast advertising.
Canal+ Cinéma has an African version, on channel 4 of Canal+ Afrique.
Originally, the channel launched on 27 April 1996 as "Canal+ Jaune" on satellite and cable. Its programmes consisted of a multicast of Canal+ films.
On 28 June 2002, Canal+ Jaune applied to the CSA to obtain a frequency on TNT.
As part of the creation of the Canal+ "Bouquet", the channel changed its name on 1 November 2003 to Canal+ Cinéma. The application was approved and the CSA assigned a frequency on the multiplex R3 DTT from where it begins to be issued as early as 21 November 2005.
Since 12 October 2010, the channel had begun broadcasting a high definition (HD) version of the channel.
Canal+
Canal+ Séries
Canal+ Family
Canal+ Sport
Canal+ Décalé
Official Website
Kateya is a town and a notified area in Gopalganj district in the Indian state of Bihar. Police station and various public departments are located here. It is the business hub for variety of things such as Textiles, Grocery, etc. It is the first town while entering Bihar from UP border,  so it holds important place for connectivity.
As of 2001 India census, Kateya had a population of 17,896. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. Kateya has an average literacy rate of 42%, lower than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 53%, and female literacy is 30%. In Kateya, 19% of the population is under 6 years of age.
The St. Paul's German Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic place in Elmont, New York.  It was nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.It is one of few buildings that remains from the area's longstanding German community.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hempstead (town), New York
Jamaica First German Presbyterian Church
St. Paul's German Presbyterian Church and Cemetery at Find a Grave 
U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Saint Pauls German Presbyterian Church Cemetery
In this list there are the footballers who played for the Bosnia and Herzegovina senior national football team who are born outside Bosnia and Herzegovina, who played at list one match with the national team. Naturalized Bosnian players are included too.
-Players in bold are currently playing for Bosnia and Herzegovina
-Last update on 2 June 2021
Nagad Railway Station is the new and only passenger rail station of Djibouti City, the capital of Djibouti.
Located in the south of the city near Djibouti–Ambouli International Airport, it serves as the terminus for passenger rail services on the new Addis Ababa–Djibouti Railway, which runs southwards from Nagad Railway Station towards the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa.
The new passenger rail station replaces the old and now decommissioned Djibouti City Railway Station, which served as the terminus of the now-abandoned metre-gauge Ethio-Djibouti Railway.
Nagad Railway Station also handles freight trains. It is the main freight station of Djibouti, with the Port of Doraleh of Djibouti City being the only other. Only freight trains continue northwards from Nagad Railway Station to the Port of Doraleh - on diesel power, the electrified section of the standard-gauge railway terminates at Nagad Railway Station.
The railroad and the railway station is operated by Société Djiboutienne De Chemin De Fer (Djiboutian Railway Company), the national railway operator. On 10. January 2017, both the railway station and the 100 km (62 mi) section of the railway on Djibouti territory were inaugurated in a ceremony held in the new station by Djibouti's President Ismail Omar Guelleh and Ethiopia's prime minister Hailemariam Dessalegn.It was originally expected that passenger services from Nagad Railway Station start three months after the official inauguration in January 2017, but passenger trains running on schedule haven't been observed ever since (as of end of June 2017). The station is in frequent use by freight trains, though.
Railway stations in Djibouti
Fox River Airport (FAA LID: 96C), is a public use airport located 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of the central business district of Rochester, a city in Racine County, Wisconsin, United States.Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned 96C by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
The airport does not have scheduled airline service, the closest airport with scheduled airline service is General Mitchell International Airport, about 22 miles (35 km) to the northeast.
Fox River Airport covers an area of 20 acres (8.1 ha) at an elevation of 822 feet (251 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway: 1/19 is 2,500 by 36 feet (762 x 11 m), with an asphalt surface.For the 12-month period ending July 19, 2018, the airport had 5,000 aircraft operations, an average of 13 per day: 100% general aviation.
List of airports in Wisconsin
FAA Terminal Procedures for 96C, effective May 20, 2021
Resources for this airport:
FAA airport information for 96C
AirNav airport information for 96C
FlightAware airport information and live flight tracker
SkyVector aeronautical chart for 96C
Marlon Ritter (born 15 October 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for 3. Liga side 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
Marlon Ritter at WorldFootball.net
Marlon Ritter at Soccerway
The Alabama State Defense Force (ASDF) is the state provided guard of the State of Alabama allowed by the Constitution of Alabama, The Code of Alabama and Executive Order. It has an authorized strength of 1,000 members and is organized on the United States Army structural pattern. The ASDF is under the control of the Governor of Alabama, as the state's Commander in Chief, and comes under the authority of The Adjutant General (TAG) of Alabama. The ASDF is an adjunct, volunteer, augmenting force to the Alabama National Guard, and it is not federally recognized. Currently, the ASDF is inactive awaiting reorganization by the Alabama National Guard.
Prior to the modern National Guard, states would provide volunteer militia units to augment the federal army in times of war. In the Mexican–American War, Alabama provided the United States with multiple units of Alabama militia, with most serving for less than a year.
During the American Civil War, both Union units and Confederate units were raised in support of the war effort.
In the Spanish–American War, Alabama raised three volunteer infantry units.
After the declaration of World War II, the majority of the National Guard was mobilized, leaving governors without troops to guard against invasion, provide disaster relief, and protect against civil unrest. Therefore, many states, including Alabama, raised state defense forces to act as a replacement for the National Guard during the war. In 1940, Governor Frank M. Dixon created the Alabama State Guard, recruiting primarily from World War I veterans in the American Legion. Alabama took a unique approach in creating its state defense force. While other states actively recruited from veteran's organizations, Alabama went a step further and "gave the American Legion of Alabama the responsibility for creating and running its State Guard," and in return, Alabama "was able to achieve a functioning state guard sooner than most states." By using an existing private organization as the framework for their state defense force, Alabama was able to achieve full readiness far sooner than might be expected. At the war's end, the Alabama State Guard was deactivated.On December 22, 1983, Governor George Wallace signed Executive Order Number 20, which authorized the creation of the Alabama State Defense Force, the successor of the Alabama State Guard which was disbanded in World War II.
Before the start of the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, the Alabama State Defense Force began training at Fort McClellan to serve as stateside replacements for deploying units. In 2008, members delivered meals and water to Hurricane Gustav evacuees. On August 14, 2012, Governor Robert Bentley signed into law the Alabama State Defense Force bill (SB278), which added clarification to the role of the ASDF in relation to the Alabama National Guard, so that the two organizations can be better integrated in future stateside missions. As recently as April 2013, the ASDF was still seeking applicants, but as of November 2013, it was stood down.After the Alabama State Defense Force was disbanded, some of its former members formed the Alabama Volunteers as a private organization organized under the Alabama State Defense Force Association, in order to continue their volunteer service in disaster relief efforts until the ALSDF is reactivated. In Southern Alabama, the U.S. National Reserve Corps was started with members from the ASDF, this national organization also consists of volunteers dedicated to service in disaster relief efforts and participated with the Red Cross in 2014 in damage assessment in Baldwin County.As of May 2021, over seven years since the temporary suspension began, the state of Alabama has not yet finished its reorganization of the Alabama State Defense Force.
The mission of the Alabama State Defense Force is to on order of the Adjutant General of Alabama provide trained and ready volunteer individuals and units to support the National Guard conducting Defense Support to Civil Authorities missions to mitigate and/or alleviate the effects of a natural or man-made disaster.
The ASDF is headquartered in Montgomery, Alabama. The ASDF has three operational Brigades.
The Alabama State Defense Force issues several ribbons to guardsmen who have merited them, including the following ribbons:
Alabama Wing Civil Air Patrol
The Alabama State Defense Force website archived at web.archive.org
The Alabama State Defense Force recruiting website archived at web.archive.org
Blessing Mudavanhu is a Zimbabwean mathematician, corporate executive, academic, businessman and entrepreneur, who is the founder and president of Dura Capital Limited, a company that he founded in 2006, at the age of 35 years. Effective 1 June 2018, he serves as the Group CEO of CBZ Holdings, a financial services conglomerate (company) in Zimbabwe.From January 2015 until his resignation in August 2016, he served as the Acting Group CEO of BancABC, a financial services conglomerate, with subsidiaries in six African countries.
He was born in Zimbabwe on 26 May 1971 and attended Zimbabwean schools for his pre-university education. He studied at the University of Zimbabwe, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in mathematics. He later obtained a Master of Financial Engineering, from the University of California Berkeley. In 2002, he was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy in mathematics, from the University of Washington, which he attended on a Fulbright scholarship.
Following the completion of graduate school, he joined American International Group (AIG), as a Senior Risk Analytics Associate, based in New York City. When he left AIG, he joined Bank of America Merrill Lynch as director of Global Risk Management responsible for New York City, London, Mexico City and Sao Paulo.He joined BancABC Group in 2009, as "Group Chief Risk Officer", based in Johannesburg. In January 2015, Dr. Mudavanhu was appointed Group CEO. He resigned that position in August 2016, and resigned from BancABC Group, in January 2017.
Blessing Mudavanhu is a Visiting Senior Lecturer in the School of Computer Science and Applied Mathematics and Sessional Lecturer in the business school at the University of the Witwatersrand, in Johannesburg, South Africa. He previously served as Adjunct Professor of Risk Management in the Financial Mathematics Program at the Baruch College of the City University of New York. In August 2017, he was appointed, as a non-executive director, to the board of the Development Bank of Southern Africa, to serve a renewable three-year term.
Economy of Zimbabwe
Economy of South Africa
Website of Dura Capital Limited
Website of CBZ Holdings
Janetta Rebold Benton is an American art historian. She is currently Distinguished Professor of Art History at Pace University in New York City.
Benton received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from Cornell University in 1967 and a Master of Arts degree from George Washington University in 1969. She received a PhD from Brown University in 1980. She also earned an MDP diploma from the Management Development Program at the Harvard University Graduate School of Education.
Her main focus of study is the art of the medieval and Renaissance periods. She has a particular interest in humor in art and in iconography, fantastic fauna, and gargoyles.In 2012-2013 she received a Fulbright Senior Scholar Award to be a visiting professor at the Graduate School of Art History, European University, St. Petersburg, Russia.
In 2018 she received a second Fulbright award to teach at the Graduate School of Art History of the China Academy of Art, Hangzhou.
She presented subscription lecture series at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York every season 1988-2011. In 1995 she was the guest curator and catalog author for an exhibition on "Medieval Monsters: Dragons and Fantastic Creatures" at the Katonah Museum of Art.  She also leads tours for the Smithsonian and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Janetta Rebold Benton and Robert DiYanni, Handbook for the Humanities (2014, ISBN 978-0205161621)
Janetta Rebold Benton and Robert DiYanni, Arts and Culture: An Introduction to the Humanities (2012, ISBN 978-0132134965)
Janetta Rebold Benton, Materials, Methods and Masterpieces of Medieval Art (2009, ISBN 978-0275994181)
Janetta Rebold Benton, Medieval Mischief: Wit and Humour in the Art of the Middle Ages (2004, ISBN 978-0750927734)
Janetta Rebold Benton, Art of the Middle Ages (2002, ISBN 978-0500203507)
Janetta Rebold Benton, Holy Terrors: Gargoyles on Medieval Buildings (1997, ISBN 978-0789201829)
Janetta Rebold Benton, The Medieval Menagerie: Animals in the Art of the Middle Ages (1992, ISBN 978-1558591332)
Contributor to The Encyclopedia of Humor Studies
Contributor to The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s exhibition catalog, Set in Stone: The Face in Medieval Sculpture
Official website
Pewley Down is a  9.5-hectare (23-acre) Local Nature Reserve on the southern outskirts of Guildford in Surrey. It is owned and managed by Guildford Borough Council.This chalk grassland site has several species of rare flowering plants, including six orchids. Invertebrates include 26 species of butterflies and 119 of bees, wasps and ants.There is access from Pewley Hill.
Det Sande Ansigt (English translation: The True Face) is a 1951 Danish film directed by Bodil Ipsen and Lau Lauritzen Jr., written by Johannes Allen, and based upon the novel by Gerhard Rasmussen. The film received the Bodil Award for Best Danish Film of the Year.
Troels Rolff, a young architect (played by Lau Lauritzen Jr.), is questioned as a suspect for the rape and murder of a 10-year-old girl. He pleads his innocence, and yet he is unable to explain what he was doing the day of the murder. Rolff's world breaks apart as those closest to him – his wife, his father, his pastor and his friends—react to his arrest with varying degrees of suspicion. Even when cleared of the charges, the question remains if he can ever return to his former life of joy and innocence.
Lau Lauritzen Jr. as Troels Rolff
Johannes Meyer as Pastor Mikael Rolff
Lisbeth Movin as Troels' Girlfriend Sonja
Ib Schønberg as Editor
Grethe Thordahl as Troels' Wife
Oluf Bang as Troels' Father
Jørn Jeppesen
Einar Juhl
Emil Hass Christensen
Jakob Nielsen
Elsa Albeck
Poul Müller
Louis Miehe-Renard
Carl Heger
Per Buckhøj
Det Sande Ansigt at IMDb
Det Sande Ansigt Danish Film Institute (in Danish)
Jean-Yves Prieur, a.k.a. Kid Loco is a French electronic musician, DJ, remixer and producer. He was born on 19 June 1964 in Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France.  Allmusic considers his style to be similar to Air and Dimitri from Paris. His best-known album is A Grand Love Story (1997), and he has also compiled and mixed a DJ mix album for the Another Late Night series on Azuli Records.
He has worked with Jarvis Cocker (of Pulp), with Italian band The Transistors (Maurizio Mansueti and Luca Cirillo) and Glasgow bands A Band Called Quinn and Mogwai, and produced the album Too Late To Die Young by the British group Departure Lounge.
Blues Project (1996, Yellow Productions / East West Records)
A Grand Love Story (1997, Yellow Productions / East West Records)
Jesus Life For Children Under 12 Inches (1999, Yellow Productions / East West Records)
Kill Your Darlings (2001, Yellow Productions / Atlantic Records)
Confessions of a Belladonna Eater (2011, Flor/Green United Music)
Prelude to a Grand Love Story (1999, Yellow / East West)
Jesus Life for Children Under 12 Inches (1999, Yellow / Atlantic / East West)
DJ-Kicks: Kid Loco (1999, Studio !K7)
Another Late Night: Kid Loco (DJ mix album, 2003, Azuli)
"Blues Project" CD/12 inch (1996, Yellow / East West)
"The Real Pop Porn Blue Sound" 10 inch (1997, Yellow)
"More Real Pop Porn Blue Sound" 10 inch (1997, Yellow)
"She's My Lover" CD/12 inch (1997, Yellow / East West)
"Love Me Sweet" CD/7 inch (1998, Yellow / East West)
"Relaxin' With Cherry" 12 inch (1998, Yellow)
"Flyin on 747" 12 inch (1999, Studio !K7)
"The Love & Dope & etc. Dream Suite" CD/12 inch (2001, Yellow / East West)
"A Little Bit of Soul" CD/12 inch (2001, Yellow / Royal Belleville Music)
"Paralysed" 7 inch (2003, Azuli)
"Pretty Boy Floyd" (2008, Village Vert / PIAS)
Kid Loco Vs. Godchild – (100% official reissue CD1) (2002) (remixer CD2)
Delta State (Soundtrack) (2004)
The Graffiti Artist (Original Soundtrack) (2005, MettrayReformatoryPicture)
Monsieur Gainsbourg Revisited (Tribute to Serge Gainsbourg) (2006) (producer)
Party Animals & Disco Biscuits (2008, Village Vert / PIAS / FLOR )
The Man I Love (performed with Sarah Cracknell) – Red Hot + Rhapsody (1998)
Kid Loco's official website was active up until 2012 
Official website
Discography at Discogs
The 1991 John Hancock Bowl was a college football bowl game played at Sun Bowl Stadium in El Paso, Texas between the University of Illinois Fighting Illini and the University of California, Los Angeles on December 31, 1991. The game was the final contest of the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season for both teams, and ended in a 6–3 victory for UCLA.  Illinois and UCLA previously met in post-season at the 1984 Rose Bowl, in which UCLA upset #4 Illinois, 45–9. John Hancock Insurance sponsored the bowl game, and the contract between 1989 and 1993 stipulated the name to be John Hancock Bowl for the bowl game previously known as the Sun Bowl.
The Illini were playing their first game under new head coach Lou Tepper, who was named John Mackovic's replacement a little more than two weeks earlier when Mackovic took the head coaching job at Texas. The Illinois defense certainly came to play, holding the high-octane UCLA attack to just 268 yards of total offense. The Fighting Illini offense didn't fare much better, though, totaling 308 yards of its own in a classic defensive struggle. Illinois missed an early scoring opportunity when Jason Verduzco's pass was intercepted at the Bruin goal line. The Illinois defense forced a UCLA fumble six plays later, but then promptly turned the ball back to the Bruins at the UI 24-yard line after a blocked punt. The Illinois defense stiffened and held UCLA to a field goal. Both teams traded punches until Illinois freshman Chris Richardson kicked a 27-yard field goal. The score remained tied until the opening drive of the fourth quarter when Illinois' Filmel Johnson fumbled a UCLA punt at the UI 11-yard line that lead to a 19-yard Louis Perez field goal. Illinois linebacker Mike Poloskey earned the Jimmy Rogers Jr. Trophy as the game's Most Valuable Lineman.
Team statistics
(Rushing-Passing-Total): UI - 119-189-308; UCLA - 92-176-268.
Individual statistical leaders
Rushing (Att.-Yds.-TD): UI - Steve Feagin 12-71-0; UCLA - Kevin Williams 24-52-0.
Passing (Att.-Comp.-Int.-TD-Yds.): UI - Jason Verduzco 38-17-3-0-189; UCLA - Tommy Maddox 28-17-1-0-176.
Receiving (No.-Yds.-TD): UI - John Wright 9-94-0; UCLA - Sean LaChapelle 5-69-0, Ricky Davis 4-41-0.
Terry Donahue went on to be a broadcast analyst for CBS for the Sun Bowl. He was inducted into the Sun Bowl Legends at the 2005 Sun Bowl along with Verne Lundquist.
Irina Kuzmina-Rimša (born 16 January 1986) is a retired Latvian tennis player.
In her career, she won two singles and eight doubles titles on the ITF Circuit. On 13 October 2008, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 307. On 13 July 2009, she peaked at No. 193 in the WTA doubles rankings.
Kuzmina has a 19–13 record for Latvia in Fed Cup competition.
After retiring from professional tennis, Kuzmina-Rimša became a beach tennis player.
Irina Kuzmina-Rimša at the Women's Tennis Association 
Irina Kuzmina-Rimša at the International Tennis Federation 
Irina Kuzmina-Rimša at the Billie Jean King Cup
Ari Gold (February 11, 1974 – February 14, 2021) was an American pop singer and songwriter. He was openly gay and regularly addressed both his being Jewish and gay and also starred in an autobiographical theater production Ari Gold – Untitled: The Making of a Gay Pop Star.
Gold was born and raised in the Bronx, New York City, in an Orthodox Jewish family. He was discovered while singing at his brother Steven's bar mitzvah at the age of five.He was awarded top prize alongside Steven and his other brother, future comedian Elon, at the First Annual Jewish Children's Song Festival. Gold landed his first job as a professional singer and actor by performing the lead role on the CBS Children's recording Pot Belly Bear: Song and Stories. The album went platinum and led to his successful career as a child vocalist. He sang over 400 jingles, provided various voices for Cabbage Patch Kids and cult favorite Jem providing vocals for the song "A Father Should Be..." by Starlight Girl Ba Nee which appeared in the episodes The Jem Jam Part 1 and the final episode A Father Should Be.... He also performed back-up vocals for Diana Ross.After graduating from the Ramaz School in Manhattan, Gold studied at Yale University. He then transferred and received his BA from New York University.
Gold took full advantage of his surroundings in New York City and began performing original music at Joe's Pub, Fez, China Club, Barracuda, Metronome, Avalon, Pyramid, Splash, Bar d'O, Starlight, and CBGB's. He recorded the material for his self-titled 2001 debut album. His debut included explicit gay love songs. The album won Gold at the 2002 Outmusic Award for Outstanding Debut Recording. Later that year, Gold was named one of Genre Magazine's "Men We Love".His debut also caught the attention of songwriter Desmond Child. Their first collaboration "I'm All About You" (Island Universal) was on the top 20 UK singles charts and a top 10 dance hit. The song was co-written and produced with UK garage musicians DJ Luck and MC Neat.
In 2003, Grammy award-winning producer David Morales remixed "I'll Be Here", which Ari co-wrote with Automagic for Nashom of The Ones ("Flawless") solo project. The song became a Top-10 Billboard dance hit and was featured on Queer As Folk. In 2003, Gold began recording his second album. In January 2004, Gold's second album Space Under Sun was released on his label GOLD18 Records. It debuted at No. 1 on the Outvoice Charts. The Advocate wrote that his "equal parts of sly, finger-snappin' sass and earthy R&B finesse," created the "crisp...sound of a platinum-selling recording."The video single "Wave of You" debuted as a DVD extra and became a mainstay during the launch of Logo, included in its list for the best videos of 2005. MetroSource magazine also named Ari "One of the 25 People That Make Us Proud". Gold's appearance in the VH1 special My Coolest Years: In the Closet solidified Gold's status as an emerging gay icon. In 2005, Space Under Sun took home the Outmusic Award for Outstanding New Recording.
On the Space Under Sun World Tour, Gold opened for RuPaul and Chaka Khan and headlined clubs and festivals in Europe (France, Italy, Switzerland, Belgium, Czech Republic). He also toured Canada and in over 25 cities across the US including the world's largest stage at the Reno Hilton.
In September 2005, Gold released his first remix album, The Remixes. The album was named the No. 2 Best Independent Release of 2005 according to national magazine The Advocate. The first single, "Love Will Take Over" became a Billboard Dance Chart hit. The "Love Will Take Over" video has been played on HBO Zone, Rock America, For Promo Only and claimed the top spot for two weeks in a row on MTV's Logo. In December 2005, Gold released Ari Gold: The Photobook.
In 2006, Gold began recording his album in Los Angeles and New York City where he began working with Steve Skinner and Grammy Award-winning producer Joe Hogue on the album. In 2007, Gold released his third studio album, Transport Systems. Gold debuted on the Billboard Top 10 charts for the first time, six months after winning the prestigious 13th Annual USA Songwriting Competition for "Where The Music Takes You", where he won the Overall Grand Prize. The album features special guests Adam Joseph, Mr. Man, Sasha Allen and Dave Koz. LGBT-focused magazine Pink wrote his lyrics lingered on "gender, sexuality, addiction and race." In early 2008, the song "Love Wasn't Built in a Day" won in The 7th Annual Independent Music Awards for Best R&B Song.
In 2010, Gold returned to the studio to begin the recording sessions for his fourth studio album. In October 2010, Gold released the lead single "Make My Body Rock". In May 2011, Gold released his fourth album Between the Spirit & the Flesh under the name Sir Ari. In mid-2011, Gold released the second single "Sparkle". In February 2012, Gold released "My Favorite Religion" as the third single.
In 2013, Gold released his second remix album Play My F**k Remix.
In July 2015, Gold released his single "Sex Like a Pornstar". In August 2015, Gold released his fifth studio album, Soundtrack to Freedom, under the name GoldNation.
Gold has written songs for #1 Billboard dance recording artist Kevin Aviance on both his debut Box of Chocolates and the Tony Moran-produced Entity. He also worked with Diane Warren and Stephen Bray on 1980s teenscream Tommy Page's last album. Gold's music has been licensed to numerous independent films, including Boy Culture, Shortbus, and Latin Boys Go to Hell, for which he served as the music supervisor and appeared in the film performing his song "See Through Me". He also served as music supervisor on the documentary Fabulous! The Story of Queer Cinema.
Gold appeared in fashion magazines such as W and VIBE, for which he was photographed by Walter Chin, and chosen as one of the Stylistics in the January 2002 issue. He was named one of "The 9 Hottest Men in NYC" by H/X magazine and one of the hottest men in the world by DNA magazine. After interviewing and photographing Gold for AXM magazine, Boy George chose him to be the spokesmodel for his clothing line RUDE.
Gold died from leukemia on February 14, 2021, three days after his 47th birthday. RuPaul, whom Gold had described as a mentor, was among those to express condolences on social media.
Albums2001: Ari Gold
2004: Space Under Sun
2005: The Remixes
2007: Transport Systems
2011: Between the Spirit & the Flesh
2013: Play My F**kn Remix
2015: Soundtrack to FreedomSingles2001: See Through Me
2004: Wave of You
2004: He's on My Team (featuring Kendra Ross)
2005: Love Will Take Over (JKriv's Love Lounge Radio Mix)
2007: Where the Music Takes You (featuring Sasha Allen)
2007: Love Wasn't Built in a Day (featuring Dave Koz)
2008: Human (featuring Mr. Man)
2009: I Can Forgive You
2010: Mr. Mistress
2010: Make My Body Rock
2011: Sparkle (featuring Sarah Dash)
2012: My Favorite Religion
2013: Play My F**kn Record
2013: Love Goddess (Remix)
2015: Sex Like a Pornstar
2016: Turn Out the Night
2017: Make Music
Official website
Ari Gold discography at Discogs
Ari Gold at IMDb
Pagophagy or pagophagia is eating of ice.
The term has the two major usages: 
pagophagia : an eating disorder, a particular case of pica
normal feeding behavior of some animalsThe pagophagic disorder is among the unexplained clinical signs of iron deficiency anemia.
List of abnormal behaviours in animals
Choining Dorji is a Bhutanese politician who has been a member of the National Council of Bhutan, since May 2018.
Polo Montañez (June 5, 1955 - November 26, 2002) was a Cuban singer and songwriter.
Montañez was born Fernando Borrego Linares in Sierra del Rosario, Pinar del Río, on a farm known as El Brujito. At an early age he worked various jobs including driving a tractor, milking cows, making charcoal, assisting on the family farm, and as a lumberjack. In his spare time, Montañez would go from house to house singing. He began to sing and play in local parties and family gatherings with his father. In those gatherings, he started playing the tumbadora and the guitar at age 7.
"…Polo composes while he's walking or driving a tractor, while he's swimming, under the rain, the sun or the moon, when he's seeding the land... and even when he's sleeping". 
He started to manage a group that played in touristic areas of La Cordillera de los Órganos. He lived in la Cañada del Infierno, Casa Blanca, Finca del Cusco, and in 1972 he occupied one of the houses in the touristic community of Las Terrazas. He composed his first song in 1973, titled "Este tiempo feliz" (This happy time), after that he continued creating, but he stored his songs in a drawer because he didn't consider them valuable.
In around 1994 when the Complejo Las Terrazas was founded, Polo and his own ensemble of sort started playing at its different touristic installations, like Hotel Moka, Rancho Curujey and Cafetal Buenavista. Between those tasks, he met a Lusafrica European label owner and in 1999 signed a contract to make a few records. From there his first album "Guajiro Natural" and the song "Un montón de Estrellas" were born. In Colombia it sold more than 40,000 copies, obtaining Gold and Platinum status, and he was recognized as the most listened to international artist. He became known as the Guajiro Natural (ORDINARY PEASANT) because of his humble personality and songs about peasant life in Cuba.
At age 44 he had more than 70 songs written as an autodidact. He had no professional training nor musical knowledge, apart from listening the countryside sounds. He composed in a mix of genres, making use of rhythms he heard and knew. He developed his own style with themes about outside or personal events, impregnated with rural elements: the ox yoke, the smell of coal, the smell of bateys.
In Cuba, Polo's popularity skyrocketed. Spectators' numbers at his concerts exceeded expectations.
Concert in Holguín:
In the year 2002 he played a master concert at the city of Holguín, where many more people attended than event planners ever thought would.
He has visited Colombia five times, France on two occasions; he has performed in Portugal, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, México, Ecuador, and Costa Rica too. He shared the stage with artists as Rubén Blades, Andy Montañez, Margarita Francisco, Cesária Évora, Cándido Fabré, Francisco Repilado (Compay Segundo), Eliades Ochoa, Adalberto Álvarez, Danny Rivera, Gilberto Santa Rosa and others.
Polo Montañez died on November 26, 2002, six days after being hospitalized in the Carlos J. Finlay Military Hospital, as a result of a tragic car accident in the Coronela zone near San Cristóbal, Pinar del Río. He was buried in the cemetery of Candelaria, at Artemisa.
The cultural centre in the main square of Viñales, Pinar del Rio, is named in his memory.
Soon after his death the songwriter José Valladares composed a song in honour of Polo entitled "Cazador de Estrellas" (Star Hunter), which was interpreted by various artists such as Pedro Calvo, Paulito FG, Jenny (Los Van Van's vocalist) among others, making a tribute to the unforgettable figure of the Guajiro Natural.
Guajiro Natural (2000) - CD Lusafrica 362202
Guitarra Mía (2002) - CD Lusafrica 362502
Memoria (2004) - CD Lusafrica 462222
El Guajiro (2005) - DVD Lusafrica 462438, 2005
Cuestión de Suerte (2006)His greatest hit in his career was the song "Un montón de estrellas", included on his albums Guajiro Natural and Memoria, demonstrating his influence and love for everything that touched his heart. It achieved great success throughout Latin America.
Obituary from canandiannetworkoncuba.ca
Tribute from cuba-junky.com
Música de Polo Montañez / Polo Montañez's Music
Entrevistas / Interviews: Polo Montañez: Un montón de música
Polo of the Mountains and from Beyond the Grave
Agrupación Polo Montañez presenta nuevo disco (Article published at Radio Guamá
Entrevista con Polo / Interview with Polo
Bremse was built as an artillery training ship (Artillerieschulschiff) of the Nazi German Kriegsmarine with a secondary function as a test bed for new marine diesel engines later installed in German panzerschiffe. During World War II, she operated as an escort ship until her sinking in September 1941.
Bremse was commissioned on June 14, 1933 and attached to the artillery training school at Kiel, to replace older predecessors. In 1933 she underwent repairs and a complete refit; her mast was shortened to improve stability and her artillery director was removed.In 1939, the ship was used in the film Der letzte Apell as the British scout cruiser Amphion; two additional dummy funnels were added.
During the Invasion of Poland in September 1939, Bremse escorted the auxiliary minelayers Tannenberg and Hansestadt Danzig and in October, she escorted troop transports in the Baltic. She then returned to the artillery school in Kiel until March 1940.In April 1940, during Operation Weserübung, Bremse participated in the attack on Bergen. She was shelled by Norwegian coastal artillery and hit by two 21 cm rounds; she was subsequently repaired in Stavanger. Later, on November 1 Bremse was accidentally rammed by the steamer Donau off Bergen, suffering minor damage.In June 1941, Bremse was sent back to Kiel for escort duty. On July 30 she was bombed by British Albacore torpedo bombers and Fulmar fighters from the aircraft carrier HMS Victorious but escaped unharmed.
On September 6, 1941, in Hammerfjord, while escorting the troop transports Trautenfels and Barcelona, Bremse was intercepted and attacked by the British cruisers HMS Nigeria and Aurora. Bremse was able to draw the cruisers away from the transports, so that they could escape, but she was sunk when rammed by Nigeria and cut in half. (Some sources give an alternative outcome, reporting that the Nigeria was damaged by a mine and Bremse sunk by gunfire.) 160 men, over half of her crew, died.
Bremse at german-navy.de
Scleropogon is a monotypic genus of grass which includes the sole species Scleropogon brevifolius, or burrograss. This grass is found in two areas of the world, in North America from the southwestern United States to central Mexico and in South America in Chile and Argentina. This is a perennial mat-forming grass with sharp, tufted leaves and firm awns. This grass may be dioecious, with staminate and pistillate plants growing in separate colonies.
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Grass Manual Treatment
KGSL (95.3 FM, "KG-95.3") is a radio station  broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format. Licensed to Winona, Minnesota, United States, the station features programming from Jones Radio Network.It is owned by Leighton Broadcasting, through licensee Leighton Radio Holdings, Inc., and is located at 752 Bluffview Circle, with its other sister stations.
Winona Radio
KGSL in the FCC FM station database
KGSL on Radio-Locator
KGSL in Nielsen Audio's FM station database
The Australian Computer Society (ACS) is an association for information and communications technology professionals with over 45,000 members Australia-wide.  According to its Constitution, its objects are "to advance professional excellence in information technology" and "to promote the development of Australian information and communications technology resources".The ACS was formed on 1 January 1966 from five state based societies. It was formally incorporated in the Australian Capital Territory on 3 October 1967. Since 1983 there have been chapters in every state and territory.
The ACS is a member of the Australian Council of Professions ("Professions Australia"), the peak body for professional associations in Australia. Internationally, ACS is a member of the International Professional Practice Partnership (IP3), South East Asia Regional Computer Confederation, International Federation for Information Processing and The Seoul Accord.
The ACS is also a member organisation of the Federation of Enterprise Architecture Professional Organizations (FEAPO), a worldwide association of professional organisations which have come together to provide a forum to standardise, professionalise, and otherwise advance the discipline of Enterprise Architecture.
The ACS operates various chapters, annual conferences,
Special Interest Groups, and a professional development program. Members are required to comply with a Code of Ethics and a Code of Professional Conduct.
The ACS describes itself as "the professional association for Australia's Information and Communication Technology (ICT) sector" and "Australia's primary representative body for the ICT workforce", but industry analysts have questioned this based on the small percentage of IT professionals who are ACS members. The issue has been discussed in the press since at least 2004, and in 2013 the Sydney Morning Herald wrote that "the ACS aggressively seeks to control the important software engineering profession in Australia, but ... less than 5 per cent of the professional IT workforce belongs to the ACS." The ACS Foundation came up with a slightly higher figure: "Depending on the data used to calculate the number of ICT professionals in Australia, however, [ACS] membership represents approximately 6.5 per cent of the total."
The Australian Computer Society elects its National President every two years, who serves as the leader of the Society. Some of the most recent presidents include:
Ian Opperman, 2020 - 2021 
Yohan Ramasundarah, 2018 – 2019 
Anthony Wong, 2016 – 2017 
Brenda Aynsley, 2014 – 2016 
Nick Tate, 2012 – 2014 
Kumar Parakala, 2008 – 2010 
Philip Argy, 2006 – 2008 
Edward Mandla, 2004 – 2006 
The Young IT Professionals Board of the Australian Computer Society provides a voice for young IT professionals and students, as well as a range of services and benefits for members. Currently Young IT organises and runs a bi-annual YIT International Conference and other events such as local career days, soft skills and technical seminars, networking opportunities and social events (e.g. Young IT in the Pub) in each of the Australian States.
The most recent Young IT Conference was held in Melbourne in 2014.
Information Age is the official publication of the ACS. In February 2015 Information Age became an online-only publication. Peer-reviewed research publications of the ACS include:
Journal of Research and Practice in Information Technology
Conferences in Research and Practice in Information Technology
Australasian Journal of Information SystemsThe digital library contains free journal articles and conference papers.
AUUG – Now deregistered
Linux Australia
LUGs in Australia
SAGE-AU
Institute of Analytics Professionals of Australia (IAPA), incorporating business data analytics, business intelligence, data mining and related industries
Australian Software Innovation Forum, encourages collaboration and co-operation in Java EE and associated technologies
Special Interest Groups (SIGs) of the ACS are connected to each state branch with some SIGs of the same or similar name occurring in a number of states, depending on local interest, and include: Architects, Software Quality Assurance, Women in Technology, Business Requirements Analysis, Enterprise Capacity Management, Enterprise Solution Development, Free Open Source Software, Information Security, IT Management, Project Management, Service Oriented Computing, Web Services, Consultants and Contractors, IT Security, PC Recycling, Curry SIG, Information Technology in Education, Robotics, E-Commerce, IT Governance, Software Engineering and Cloud Computing. A recent addition is the Green ICT Group on computers and telecommunications for environmental sustainability. In 2007 the Telecommunications Society of Australia was absorbed into the Australian Computer Society as the Telecommunications Special Interest Group
The ACS runs the online Computer Professional Education Program (CPEP) for postgraduate education in subjects including: Green ICT Strategies; New Technology Alignment; Business, Strategy & IT; Adaptive Business Intelligence; Project Management; Managing Technology and Operations. CPEP uses the Australian developed Moodle course management system and is delivered via the web.
The Diploma of Information Technology (DIT) is equivalent to one academic year of a Bachelor of Information Technology at several universities. It has eight compulsory subjects: systems analysis, programming, computer organisation, data management, OO systems development, computer communications, professional practice and systems principles.
The ACS also certifies IT professionals at two levels, the Certified Professional and the Certified Technologist.  Each certification level has a minimum level of experience and also required ongoing CPD (Certified Professional Development) hours of learning each year. In 2017 the ACS launched a cybersecurity specialisation within the certification framework.
Skills Framework for the Information Age
Official website of the ACS
ACS Foundation
Information Age
Gâteau de Sirop is a syrup cake in Cajun cuisine. It is made with cane syrup.
Basbousa
Karl Joseph Bobek (1855–1899) was a German mathematician working on elliptic functions and geometry.
Karl Bobek at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
Works by Karl Bobek at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Karl Bobek at Internet Archive
Rufus () is one of the most common of the ancient Roman cognomina.
Quintus Marcius Rufus, an officer of Marcus Licinius Crassus during the Third Servile War in 71 BC
Annius Rufus, Prefect of Judea in 12 AD
Calvisius Rufus, governor of Britain in the 3rd century AD
Curtius Rufus, 1st-century Roman politician (possibly the same as Quintus Curtius Rufus)
Faenius Rufus (died 65), Roman senator and praefectus annonae, 55-62 AD
Gaius Asinius Rufus (ca 110 – aft. 136), Roman Senator
Lucius Passienus Rufus, consul in 4 BC
Lucius Varius Rufus, poet of the 1st century BC
Lucius Vibullius Rufus, 1st- and 2nd-century Greek aristocrat
Lucius Vibullius Rufus (son-in-law of Herodes Atticus), 2nd-century Greek aristocrat
Lucius Virginius Rufus, politician and general of the 1st century
Marcus Caelius Rufus, politician of the 1st century BC
Marcus Cluvius Rufus, 1st-century consul, senator, governor, and historian
Marcus Junius Rufus, 1st-century Roman politician
Marcus Minucius Rufus (consul 221 BC)
Marcus Valerius Messalla Rufus (c. 104/3 - 26 BC), Roman politician, and consul in 53 BC
Musonius Rufus, Roman Stoic philosopher of the 1st century
Publius Aelius Vibullius Rufus, 2nd century Greek Aristocrat
Publius Rutilius Rufus, politician, general and historian of the 2nd century BC
Publius Sulpicius Rufus, politician and general of the 2nd century BC
Quintus Minucius Rufus, 2nd- and 3rd-century BC Roman politician and consul 197 BC
Quintus Pompeius Rufus (consul 88 BC) (died 88 BC), Roman politician
Quintus Tineius Rufus (consul 127) (c. 90 – aft. 132 AD), Roman politician
Quintus Tineius Rufus (consul 182), Roman politician
Quintus Curtius Rufus, historian of the 1st century|1st or 2nd century
Rufus (consul 457), consul in 457 AD
Quintus Salvidienus Rufus, 1st-century BC Roman general
Servius Sulpicius Rufus, orator of the 1st century BC
Valgius Rufus, poet of the 1st century BC
Crazy Horse is an American rock band best known for their association with Neil Young. Beginning in 1969 and continuing to the present day, they have been co-credited on a number of Young's albums, with 12 studio albums and numerous live albums being billed as by Neil Young and Crazy Horse. They have also released six studio albums of their own, issued between 1971 and 2009.
Billy Talbot (bass) and Ralph Molina (drums) have been the only consistent members of the band. On four of Crazy Horse's studio albums, Talbot and Molina serve as the rhythm section to entirely different sets of musicians. Except for two notable intervals, Frank "Poncho" Sampedro (rhythm guitar) regularly performed with the group from 1975 until 2014.
The band's origins date to 1963 and the Los Angeles-based a cappella doo-wop group Danny & The Memories, which consisted of lead singer Danny Whitten and supporting vocalists Lou Bisbal (soon to be replaced by Bengiamino Rocco, the husband of actress Lorna Maitland), Billy Talbot and Ralph Molina.
Sly Stone produced a single for the group (by then re-christened The Psyrcle) in San Francisco on Lorna Records (a subsidiary of Autumn Records); however, it did not sell very well either regionally or nationally.
Back in Los Angeles, the group evolved over the course of several years into The Rockets, a psychedelic pop/folk rock ensemble that juxtaposed the rudimentary instrumental abilities of Whitten (rhythm guitar), Talbot (bass) and Molina (drums) against the more accomplished Bobby Notkoff (violin) and Leon Whitsell (lead guitar). After leaving the group as sessions for their first album commenced, the mercurial and reclusive Whitsell was promptly replaced by his younger brother George, a R&B-influenced guitarist also respected in the band's social circle. After Leon petitioned to return, it was decided that both Whitsells would remain in the group.
This sextet recorded The Rockets' only album, a self-titled set released in 1968 on White Whale Records. Whitten and Leon Whitsell contributed four songs apiece, with one song credited to Talbot and Molina and another ("Pill's Blues," the group's unofficial anthem) to George Whitsell. Whitten's "Let Me Go" was prominently covered by Three Dog Night on their 1968 debut; during this period, vocalist Danny Hutton considered recruiting Whitten for that band.
Although their album sold only about 5,000 copies, The Rockets soon re-connected with Neil Young, whom they had met two years earlier during the early days of Buffalo Springfield. In August 1968, three months after Buffalo Springfield dissolved, Young jammed with the group during a Rockets performance at the Whisky a Go Go; Molina would later recall that Young's idiosyncratically distinctive guitar style "blew George Whitsell's away. He was kind of overshadowed."
Shortly thereafter, Young enlisted Whitten, Talbot, and Molina to back him on his second solo album. Although all parties initially envisaged The Rockets continuing as a separate concern, the older band soon folded due to Young's insistence on having his new backing trio keep to a strict practice schedule. According to George Whitsell, "My understanding was Neil was gonna use the guys for a record and a quick tour, bring 'em back and help us produce the next Rockets album. It took me a year and a half to realize that my band had been taken."
Credited to Neil Young with Crazy Horse, Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere was released in May 1969. A sleeper hit that peaked at No. 34 in the United States in August 1970 during a ninety-eight week chart stay, it included the American No. 55 pop hit "Cinnamon Girl" and the extended guitar workouts "Down by the River" and "Cowgirl in the Sand" alongside country and folk-influenced songs such as "Running Dry (Requiem for the Rockets)," a tribute to the defunct band featuring a guest appearance by Notkoff.
Crazy Horse toured with Young throughout the first half of 1969 and, with the addition of frequent Young collaborator Jack Nitzsche on electric piano, in early 1970. That year's tour was showcased on the 2006 album Live at the Fillmore East. Young would later opine that "[on] some of the stuff, Nitzsche was in the way, tonally... Crazy Horse was so good with the two guitars, bass and drums it didn't need anything else." Although Nitzsche openly disdained the rhythm section of Talbot and Molina, he retrospectively lauded Whitten (who was of Scotch-Irish American ancestry) as "the only black man in the band."Shortly after beginning work on his third solo album with Crazy Horse in 1969 (including an unreleased take of Whitten's "Look at All the Things" and a performance of Young's "Helpless" that failed to make it to tape due to an engineering error), Young joined Crosby, Stills & Nash as a full fourth member, recording an album and touring with the ensemble in 1969 and 1970. When Young returned to his solo album in 1970, Crazy Horse found its participation more limited. Aside from overdubbed backing vocals, the group as a whole appears on just three of the eleven tracks on After the Gold Rush: "When You Dance I Can Really Love" (recorded toward the end of the album's recording sessions, the majority of which included Ralph Molina in a semi-acoustic quartet with erstwhile CSNY bassist Greg Reeves and multi-instrumentalist Nils Lofgren) plus a cover of Don Gibson's "Oh Lonesome Me" and "I Believe In You" from the 1969 sessions. Young "fired" the group in the aftermath of the 1970 tour due to Whitten's escalating heroin abuse (partially attributable to the rhythm guitarist's severe rheumatoid arthritis) following an incapacitated performance at one of the Fillmore East performances; according to Molina, Whitten also felt that Young was "holdin' him back" as a guitarist and songwriter.
Crazy Horse capitalized on its newfound exposure and recorded its eponymous debut album for Reprise Records that year. The band retained Nitzsche (who co-produced the album with Bruce Botnick) and added Lofgren as a second guitarist; singer-songwriter and guitarist Ry Cooder also sat in on three tracks at the behest of Nitzsche to deputize for the ailing Whitten. Although the album peaked at only No. 84 on the Billboard 200 chart in 1971, Whitten's "I Don't Want to Talk About It" would later be covered by a wide range of artists, including Geoff Muldaur, the Indigo Girls, Pegi Young and Rod Stewart. Stewart would record the song three times and score a hit with it on the same number of occasions, most notably as a UK No. 1 double A-side in 1977 with Cat Stevens's "The First Cut Is the Deepest." In 1988, the song would become a Top Ten hit in the UK again, this time a No. 3 for Everything but the Girl. Two songs from the album were covered by Scottish hard rock band Nazareth: Lofgren's "Beggar's Day" appeared on Hair of the Dog (1975), while Nitzsche's "Gone Dead Train" is the second track on Expect No Mercy (1977).
Following the commercial failure of Crazy Horse, Lofgren and Nitzsche left the group to pursue solo careers; meanwhile, Whitten's drug problems pushed Talbot and Molina to dismiss him and turn to outside musicians. The band released two albums on different labels (Loose and At Crooked Lake) to critical and commercial indifference in 1972; along with Talbot and Molina, guitarist/singer-songwriter Greg Leroy was the only musician to appear on both albums. While the former saw Rockets guitarist George Whitsell briefly return to the fold, fronting the band in conjunction with Leroy and keyboardist John Blanton, the latter was dominated by the roots rock stylings of Rick and Mike Curtis, formerly of These Vizitors and best known for their later work as The Curtis Brothers.
Concurrently, Young placed Whitten on retainer in the fall of 1972 with a view toward including the guitarist in his new touring band, the Stray Gators. However, following his poor performance in rehearsals at Dress Review Sound Studio in Hollywood, the band pressured Young to dismiss him. Although Young let Whitten live on his ranch near Woodside, California and worked with him one-on-one during off-hours in an unsuccessful effort to keep him in the group, Whitten died several hours after returning to Los Angeles, his death attributed to a fatal overdose of alcohol and Valium.After Whitten's death and the tepid reception accorded to both albums, Talbot and Molina were the only full-fledged members of the band. They let the Crazy Horse name go unused while resolving not to retire it altogether. In mid-1973, Young brought together a band comprising Talbot, Molina, Lofgren, and pedal steel guitarist Ben Keith to record Tonight's the Night, the majority of which eventually saw release in bowdlerized form with additional material added in 1975. In the autumn of 1973, that ensemble (initially billed as Crazy Horse for the inaugural concerts at the Roxy in September 1973) toured Canada, Great Britain, and the United States as the Santa Monica Flyers. Molina and Whitsell would subsequently contribute percussion and guitar (respectively) to Young's On the Beach in 1974.
Shortly after aborted Young sessions involving Talbot, Molina and Keith at Chicago's Chess Studios in late 1974, the band spontaneously reconvened (sans the pedal steel guitarist) at Talbot's Echo Park home in 1975. These jam sessions cemented the role of rhythm guitarist Frank "Poncho" Sampedro, a friend of Talbot who began to play with the group (to the initial chagrin of Molina) during the Chicago excursion and proved to be just the right person to help resurrect Crazy Horse. "It was great," Talbot would say of the gathering and the chemistry it evoked. "We were all soaring. Neil loved it. We all loved it. It was the first time we heard the Horse since Danny Whitten died." After a five-year hiatus Neil Young and Crazy Horse was born again, and Young marked the occasion by finishing off the lyrics to "Powderfinger", soon to become one of the new lineup's signature songs.
With Sampedro and producer David Briggs in tow, Young and Crazy Horse quickly recorded Zuma later that year in the basement of Briggs' rented house in Malibu, initiating their most prolific period of collaboration. Sampedro's lack of technical proficiency ("Neil kept writin' simpler songs so I could play them") and desire to see Young "rockin' and having fun and seeing chicks' asses swaying in the audience" would greatly inform the tenor of the record.
Following a warmup tour of unannounced engagements at various San Francisco Bay Area bars (ironically dubbed the Rolling Zuma Revue in contrast to Bob Dylan's contemporaneous Rolling Thunder Revue) in December 1975, Young and the band toured Japan and Europe in March–April 1976. However, they were shut out of a proposed summer stadium tour when Young re-kindled his collaboration with Stephen Stills. They toured America that autumn when Young was forced to make up a series of canceled concert dates after walking out midway through the tour with Stills. From late 1975 to 1977, Young recorded feverishly in various solo and group configurations; Crazy Horse appears on all but two songs of 1977's country-inflected American Stars 'n Bars (with many tracks featuring an augmented lineup that included Ben Keith, Carole Mayedo, Linda Ronstadt, and Nicolette Larson), while Comes a Time features two performances with Crazy Horse: "Look Out for My Love" and the Fleetwood Mac-inspired "Lotta Love".
In 1978, Crazy Horse released Crazy Moon, their fourth original album. It features instrumental contributions from Young, Bobby Notkoff, Greg Leroy and Michael Curtis. Later that year, they joined Young on the tour that led to the successful Rust Never Sleeps and Live Rust, both credited to Neil Young and Crazy Horse.
As Young spent much of the eighties working in genres mostly outside the band's idiom, Crazy Horse recorded with him more sporadically, appearing only on Re·ac·tor, an unspecified portion of Trans, and Life. Sessions for a planned 1984 album with the band ended after they were "spooked" by the addition of a professional horn section, although a bootleg of a performance at The Catalyst in Santa Cruz containing many of the intended songs remains an enduring fan favorite.
Several years later, Young included all three members of Crazy Horse in another horn-driven ensemble, the Bluenotes. But when Talbot and Molina proved ill-suited to a blues-oriented approach, Young reluctantly replaced the Crazy Horse bassist and drummer while retaining Sampedro, who would remain with Young in various band permutations over the next two years. Immediately thereafter, Talbot and Molina hired former Rain Parade lead guitarist Matt Piucci and recruited songwriter Sonny Mone from Hanover, Massachusetts to provide lead vocals and rhythm guitar. This incarnation of the band recorded the pointedly-titled Left for Dead (1989) and filmed a music video for the song "Child of War".
The split with Sampedro and Young proved relatively short-lived, as the duo reunited with Talbot and Molina under the Crazy Horse imprimatur in 1990 for the acclaimed album Ragged Glory and for a tour in 1991 that generated the live album Weld. Over the next 12 years, Crazy Horse would steadily collaborate with Young once more, joining the singer for Sleeps with Angels (1994), Broken Arrow (1996), the live Year of the Horse (1997), "Goin' Home" on Are You Passionate? (2002), and Greendale (2003). Sampedro agreed to sit out the recording of Greendale, as Young felt the material called for only one guitar; he joined the band on guitar and organ for the ensuing tours of 2003 and 2004.
According to Jimmy McDonough, Crazy Horse had begun a sixth album of its own in the mid-1990s, but left the project unfinished when Young called upon the group to join him for some secret club dates in California (for which the quartet billed themselves as The Echoes), leading to the recording of Broken Arrow. Young and Crazy Horse attempted to record for three months in San Francisco in 2000; few takes were finished to the band's satisfaction, and Young re-recorded most of the material with Booker T. & the M.G.'s for Are You Passionate?. Toast, an album culled from the San Francisco sessions, was announced for imminent release in 2008 as part of Young's Archives series; as of 2020, it remains unreleased.
Crazy Horse remained on hiatus for eight years following the Greendale tour. Although Sampedro was employed as a full-time assistant to Kevin Eubanks on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno from 1992 to 2010, the band continued to rehearse several times a year and more intermittently with Young during this period. Trick Horse—a collection of hitherto unreleased non-Young recordings possibly derived from older Sampedro-funded sessions where session musicians were hired to play the instrumental parts, enabling the band to focus on their vocal performances—was released on iTunes in 2009. According to Young in a 2011 interview with American Songwriter, "They have to be together before I can be together with them. They haven't been doing anything together, so they need to be able to do it. I don't have the time to support things. I have to go with things that are going to support me. But I think they can do it."
Shortly thereafter, Neil Young and Crazy Horse convened to release two albums in 2012. Americana was composed almost entirely of covers of American folk music revival songs and singer-songwriter standards, while Psychedelic Pill featured original Neil Young songs written for the band. Neil Young and Crazy Horse toured throughout 2012 and 2013 in support of both albums, traveling to the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Europe.
In 2013, Talbot, Molina, George Whitsell and lead vocalist/guitarist Ryan James Holzer formed Wolves. They released their first recording, Wolves EP, on February 16, 2014.With the addition of background singers Dorene Carter and YaDonna West, Young and Crazy Horse also embarked on a summer 2014 European tour following a solo Young American tour spanning the winter and spring. For the tour, longtime Young collaborator Rick Rosas stood in for Talbot, who was recovering from a minor stroke. Rosas died from pulmonary hypertension with cardiac arrest on November 8, less than three months after the tour concluded.
In May 2018, Lofgren joined Young, Talbot and Molina for a series of five "open rehearsal" concerts in Fresno, California and Bakersfield, California. Initially billed as Neil Young and Crazy Horse, the group (characterized by Young as the "Horse of a Different Color") ultimately performed as NYCH. According to Young, "Life is an unfolding saga [...] Poncho is unable to join us right now but we all hope he will be back." In 2021, Sampedro confirmed that he has retired from music due to complications from arthritis in both wrists and a 2013 finger injury: "It became painful for me to be on the road. When we were on that last tour [in 2014], I was rolling down the road with both of my hands in ice buckets and one foot in an ice bucket, every night. That’s really not that much fun. Then I got my finger slammed in the door [on the 2013 European tour]. There were too many signs saying it was over for me. It wasn't for any other reason. [...] I was messing things up on the last tour during the early songs in the set. I just couldn’t slide my fingers the way I used to when I played those lines."In February 2019, the Lofgren-era lineup performed two shows in Winnipeg. Its first album, Colorado, was credited to Neil Young and Crazy Horse and released in October 2019.
The self-titled debut album was re-issued on CD in 1994. In 2005, Rhino Records' Handmade division released the two-disc set, Scratchy:  The Complete Reprise Recordings, in a limited edition of 2,500 copies. It included re-mastered versions of the debut album and their second, Loose in their entirety on the first disc, with the second disc containing nine rarities and out-takes (including both sides of a 1962 single by Danny and the Memories). The original set is currently out of print, but was re-issued on Rhino in England and Wounded Bird in the United States. Loose was also re-issued as a stand-alone CD by Wounded Bird in 2006. The Australian re-issue specialty label Raven Records put out Crazy Moon in 1999 with seven rare bonus tracks, as well as a 20-track retrospective in 2005, Gone Dead Train: The Best of Crazy Horse 1971–1989, featuring material from each of the group's five albums, with the exception of its second one, Loose. Left for Dead was released in 1995 on the Sisapa/Curb label, and Crazy Moon was re-issued on CD again as a BMG import in 2005. At Crooked Lake was re-issued in 2013 on the Floating World label.
Billy Talbot – bass, vocals (1968–present)
Ralph Molina – drums, vocals (1968–present)
Nils Lofgren – guitar, keyboards, vocals (1970–1971; 1973; 2018–present)
Danny Whitten – guitar, vocals (1968–1971; died 1972)
Jack Nitzsche – keyboards, vocals (1970–1971; died 2000)
Frank "Poncho" Sampedro – guitar, keyboards, mandolin, vocals (1975–1988; 1990–2001; 2003–2014)
George Whitsell – guitar, vocals (1971–1972)
Greg Leroy – guitar, vocals (1971–1972; 1978 [guest])
John Blanton – keyboards, harmonica, cello, vocals (1971–1972)
Rick Curtis – guitar, banjo, vocals (1972)
Michael Curtis – keyboards, guitar, mandolin, vocals (1972; 1978 [guest])
Sonny Mone – rhythm guitar, vocals (1989)
Matt Piucci – lead guitar, vocals (1989)
The Rockets, White Whale Records 1968
Crazy Horse, Reprise 1971
Loose, Reprise 1972
At Crooked Lake, Epic 1972
Crazy Moon, Capitol 1978
Left for Dead, Capitol 1989
Gone Dead Train: The Best of Crazy Horse 1971–1989, Raven 2005
Scratchy: The Complete Reprise Recordings, Rhino Handmade 2005
Trick Horse, 2009
Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere (1969)
After the Gold Rush (1970) - credited to Neil Young; "Oh Lonesome Me", "When You Dance I Can Really Love" and "I Believe in You"
Tonight's the Night (1975) - credited to Neil Young, with most tracks featuring Lofgren, Molina and Talbot as the Santa Monica Flyers; "Come on Baby Let's Go Downtown" (recorded live at the Fillmore East on March 7, 1970)
Zuma (1975) - all songs except "Pardon My Heart" and "Through My Sails"
American Stars 'n Bars (1977) - credited to Neil Young; all songs except "Star of Bethlehem" and "Will to Love"
Comes a Time (1978) - credited to Neil Young; "Look Out for My Love" and "Lotta Love"
Rust Never Sleeps (1979) - "Powderfinger", "Welfare Mothers", "Sedan Delivery" and "Hey Hey, My My (Into the Black)"
Live Rust (live, 1979)
Re·ac·tor (1981)
Trans (1982) - credited to Neil Young; "We R in Control" and "Computer Cowboy (aka Syscrusher)"
Life (1987)
Ragged Glory (1990)
Weld (live, 1991)
Arc (live, 1991) - a 35-minute composite of feedback, guitar noise, and vocal fragments culled from endings of songs performed live
Sleeps with Angels (1994)
The Complex Sessions (EP, 1995, promo only)
Broken Arrow (1996)
Year of the Horse (live, 1997)
Are You Passionate? (2002) - credited to Neil Young; "Goin' Home"
Greendale (2003)
Live at the Fillmore East (live, 2006; recorded March 6–7, 1970)
Americana (2012)
Psychedelic Pill (2012)
Colorado (2019)
Rust Never Sleeps (1979)
Weld (1991)
Sleeps With Angels (1994, promo only)
The Complex Sessions (1995)
Year of the Horse (1997)
Greendale (2004)
video release includes "Be the Rain" live at the Air Canada Centre, Toronto, Ontario, 9/4/03
Be the Rain (2004, promo only)
Farm Aid 2003: A Soundstage Special Event (c. 2004)
includes "Hey Hey, My My (Into the Black)" live at the Germain Amptheater, Columbus, Ohio, 9/7/03
A MusiCares Tribute to Bruce Springsteen (2014)
Alive in the Spirit World (2004)
On the Road to Spearfish (2013)
She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Vanguard, 1971
Head like a Rock, Ian McNabb, 1994 (on four songs only; without Sampedro)
Chantilly cake may refer to several unrelated American cakes.
In Hawaii, Chantilly Cake dates back to the 1950s. Usually, Chantilly cakes are chocolate cakes with a Chantilly frosting, which is essentially the coconut frosting from a German chocolate cake without the coconut.  This is in contrast to the typical usage of creme Chantilly, which refers to sweetened whipped cream.
In the southern United States, especially Louisiana, the Chantilly cake may refer to a frosted sponge cake layered with Crème Chantilly (whipped cream) and berries.
List of desserts
List of regional dishes of the United States
 Food portal
Honolulu Star Bulletin – Recipe for Hawaiian Chantilly Cake Frosting
Ono Kine Grindz – Review of Liliha Bakery's Chantilly Cake
Monforte del Cid is a village in the province of Alicante and autonomous community of Valencia, Spain.
The municipality covers an area of 79.5 square kilometres (30.7 sq mi) and as of 2011 had a population of 7,771 people.
See also: Mons Fortis (toponym) .
In the thirteenth century, the town was called Nompot (as stated in the charter of the city of Alicante). On December 28 of 1328 the king Alfonso "El Benigno" gave Nompot village as part of a series of towns and villages in inheritance to his other son, the infant "Fernando de la Cerda". In an account book of Don Fernando from 1355, it already mentions the town with the name of "Monfort".
After the conflict of "The Two Pedros" between Pedro I of Castile and Pedro IV of Aragon, Monfort tried to separate from the Crown of Aragon to switch to that of Castile. In punishment, Pedro IV demoted  it back to the "village", returned the toponym "Nompot" and passed a law that said the population would remain "im perpetuom" to the, by then, Villa de Alicante. Approximately five years later, it retrieved the name of Monfort.
In 1708 the name was "translated" into Spanish as "Monforte" and in 1916, the Presidency of the Council of Ministers, according to Royal Decree of June 27 of 1916, adopted the name as "Monforte de la Rambla". But that same year, at a meeting at City Hall at the request of the majority of the population (who did not like that name) formally requested the change of name to the current "Monforte del Cid"; SIENDA approved the request by Royal Decree of 4 December 1916.
The municipality belongs to the Shire of Middle Vinalopó, located in the transition from the corridors to the arid plains subbéticos precoastal Alicante.
The town of Monforte del Cid is nestled in the center of the Middle Valley Vinalopó, and the municipality has an area of 79.5 km2 (30.7 sq mi). The town is 230 metres (750 ft) high, on a hill that was crowned by a medieval castle turned into the S. Seventeenth Parish Church.
Among the most important mountain ranges are the Sierra del Cid, border populations Elda and Petrel, the Sierra de las Aguilas, near the border with the city of Alicante or Portichol, 330 m (1,080 ft) high above sea level. The municipality also has the main village, with the village of Orito, important pilgrimage center around the figure of San Pascual Bailon and several housing estates such as the Captain or Alenda Golf, located near the Portichol.
It borders the towns of Alicante, Elche, Aspe, Novelda, Agost and Petrel. The population is 21 km (13 mi) from Alicante, with easy access from the A-31 road.
Jonathan Eysseric and Nicolas Renavand were the defending champions, but chose not to compete.
Tristan Lamasine and Laurent Lokoli won the title, defeating Guillermo Durán and Máximo González in the final, 7–5, 6–0.
Main Draw
Jason Polak (born 9 January 1968) is an Australian former association football player.
Polak began his National Soccer League career with Sydney Olympic in 1989 after having spent three years at the Australian Institute of Sport. In the 1989/90 season Polak spent time with Greek club Panathinaikos. He played as a centre midfielder and left midfielder. He also played as an attacker.
In 1985 Polak was selected for an Australian Schoolboys team to tour the United Kingdom, however he did not tour.In 1987, Polak played three matches for the Australia national under-20 football team at the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship.Polak made his debut for the Australia national association football team in 1988 against Fiji in Newcastle. He played his last match in 1996 in Australia's defeat of Tahiti in the second leg of the 1996 OFC Nations Cup final in Canberra.In 1989 Polak made three appearances for the Australia national futsal team at the 1989 FIFA Futsal World Championship.
Robert Van Sickle McKeen (November 30, 1933 – December 31, 1999) was an American basketball player, best known for his All-American college career at the University of California, Berkeley.
McKeen, a 6'7 center out of Piedmont High School in Piedmont, California, played for the Cal Golden Bears under coaches Nibs Price and Pete Newell. He was a four-year starter for the Bears, earning all-Pacific Coast Conference accolades in each of his four seasons. He was also named an honorable mention All-American by the Associated Press and a second-team All-American pick by the International News Service. McKeen left Cal as the school's all-time leading scorer (1,632 points, record since eclipsed) and rebounder (1,019).  Years later, McKeen would be inducted into the Cal Athletic Hall of Fame and the Pac-12 Conference Men's Basketball Hall of Honor.Following his college career, McKeen was drafted by the Rochester Royals in the fourth round of the 1955 NBA draft. After considering the minimal salary offered to him by the NBA, McKeen opted for a career in business instead. He obtained a Master of Business Administration degree from the Haas School of Business, then entered a career in real estate and local politics. McKeen died on December 31, 1999.
Cal Bears Athletic HOF profile
College stats @ The Draft Review
Bulbophyllum heterorhopalon is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.
The Bulbophyllum-Checklist
The Internet Orchid Species Photo Encyclopedia
The Sri Lanka cricket team toured India from October to December 1975. Sri Lanka did not then have Test status, but three four-day unofficial Tests were played, India winning 2–0. The tour also included six other first-class matches.
The manager was Neil Perera and the assistant manager was Abu Fuard.
Sri Lanka in India, 1975-76 at Cricinfo
Ceylon in India 1975-76 at CricketArchive
"Sri Lanka’s tour of India, 1975-76", Wisden 1977, pp. 928–29
Musikalische Exequien (Funeral music), Op. 7, SWV 279–281 is a sacred composition that Heinrich Schütz wrote in 1635 or 1636. Written for the funeral services of Count Henry II, Count of Reuss-Gera, who had died on 3 December 1635, it is Schütz's most famous work of funeral music. It comprises the following sections:
I Concert in Form einer teutschen Begräbnis-Messe
II Motet Herr, wenn ich nur Dich habe
III Canticum B. Simeonis Herr, nun lässest du deinen DienerHenry II had planned the service himself and chosen the texts, some of which are scriptural and others of which are from 16th-century Lutheran writers, including Martin Luther himself. He also commissioned Schütz to compose the music on the occasion of his death.
Part I, by far the longest part of the work, is scored for SSATTB (2 sopranos, alto, 2 tenors, bass) chorus alternating with small ensembles of soloists. Part II is scored for double choir SATB SATB, and part III for SATTB choir and a trio of soloists. All movements are accompanied by basso continuo.
The work was not well known to Brahms, though his German Requiem is remarkably similar in content.
The work was the first requiem in the German language.
There have been many recordings, making the Exequien the most recorded work of 17th-century German vocal music. Among the recordings:
Heinrich Schütz Choir, Munich dir. Karl Richter (Archiv Produktion, 1955)
Dresdner Kreuzchor dir. Rudolf Mauersberger (Berlin)
Westfälische Kantorei dir. Wilhelm Ehmann (Cantate)
Chiaroscuro dir. Hans-Martin Linde (EMI)
Knabenchor Hannover dir. Heinz Hennig (Ars Musici)
Vassil Kazandjiev (Forlane)
The Schutz Academy dir. Howard Arman (Berlin)
Chapelle Royale dir. Philippe Herreweghe (Harmonia Mundi)
Monteverdi Choir dir. John Eliot Gardiner, (Archiv Produktion)
Alsfelder Vokalensemble dir. Wolfgang Helbich (Naxos)
Weser Renaissance Bremen dir. Manfred Cordes (cpo)
Motettenchor Stuttgart dir. Günter Graulich (Carus)
Cappella Augustana dir. Matteo Messori (Brilliant Classics)
La Chapelle Rhénane dir. Benoît Haller (K617)
Akadêmia dir. Françoise Lasserre with La Fenice dir. Jean Tubéry (Pierre Verany/Arion)
Ars Nova Copenhagen dir. Paul Hillier (Da Capo)
American Bach Soloists dir. Jeffrey Thomas (own label)
Vox Luminis dir. Lionel Meunier (Ricercar) - winner of Gramophone Awards 2012
Dresdner Kammerchor dir. Hans-Christoph Rademann (Carus)
La Petite Bande dir. Sigiswald Kuijken (Accent)
Stuttgart Hymnus Boys Choir dir. Rainer Johannes Homburg & Musica Fiata dir. Roland Wilson (MD&G)
The Sixteen & The Symphony of Harmony and Invention dir. Harry Christophers (CORO)
Alsfeld Vocal Ensemble & Febi Armonici dir. Wolfgang Helbich (Naxos)
La Chapelle Vocale of Lausanne University dir. Jean-Christophe Aubert (Gallo)
Wolff, Christoph (2005). "Bible and Hymnal in Johann Sebastian Bach's Music".  In Carl Schalk; Carlos R. Messerli (eds.). Thine the amen: essays on Lutheran church music in honor of Carl Schalk. Kirk House Publishers. p. 112. ISBN 1-932688-11-0.
Live performance by Michael Stenov with the Cantores Carmeli, 26 November 2006
Free scores by Musikalische Exequien in the Choral Public Domain Library (ChoralWiki)
Musikalische Exequien: text, analysis etc. at heinrich-schuetz-haus.de
Text
The 2010 FIA GT3 European Championship season was the fifth season of the FIA GT3 European Championship. The season commenced on 1 May at Silverstone and ended on 10 October at Circuit Zolder. The season featured six double-header rounds, with each race lasting for a duration of 60 minutes. Most of the events were support races to the newly formed FIA GT1 World Championship.
Despite FIA's efforts to slow down the Callaway Competition-entered Chevrolet Corvette of Christian Hohenadel and Daniel Keilwitz via extensive performance balancing, the pairing finished the season as champions, taking four victories to secure the title with a meeting to spare; the second such championship crown for a team running a Corvette after the 2008 triumph of French duo Arnaud Peyroles and James Ruffier. 
The championship-winning margin for Hohenadel and Keilwitz was 46 points over the Prospeed Competition Porsche of Paul van Splunteren and Marco Holzer, who took two wins over the course of the season at Portimão and Zolder. Another Corvette, run by Graff Racing, finished in third place with drivers Joakim Lambotte and Mike Parisy, who won both races at Brno. Four other duos took race victories during the season; Siso Cunill and Tim Bergmeister of Trackspeed won the season-opening race at Silverstone, Kenneth Heyer and Bernd Herdlhofer, and Csaba Walter and Claudia Hürtgen won at Jarama for Team Rosberg and Schubert Motorsport respectively, with the other Schubert Motorsport car of Patrick Söderlund and Edward Sandström winning at Zolder.
Prospeed Competition won the Teams' Championship, but were only confirmed as champions in December following a hearing to the FIA International Court of Appeal. Van Splunteren and Holzer had been disqualified from a victory at Zolder, due to a technical infringement regarding the weight of the car's rear brake discs.Ultimately, Prospeed were reinstated which allowed them to regain the teams title which Callaway Competition had assumed from the disqualification. Callaway finished second, ten points behind Prospeed, with Schubert Motorsport finishing third. In the Manufacturers' Cups, the top-two overall placings for Hohenadel and Keilwitz, and van Splunteren and Holzer helped to claim the cups for Corvette and Porsche respectively. The other cup, for Audi drivers, was won by Ireland's Seán Paul Breslin for the German Black Falcon team.
The list below contains the confirmed teams and drivers that competed in the 2010 championship.
On 23 October 2009, just before the final round of the 2009 season, the FIA World Motor Sport Council announced the 2010 calendar in co-ordinance with the FIA GT1 World Championship.
The GT3 Championship adopted the new Formula One points system, meaning points were awarded to the top ten finishers in both races.
The Manufacturer Cups were open to any manufacturer who supplied two or more teams in the full season. Points were awarded based on the driver's position within that manufacturer's class.
2010 24 Hours of Spa
Official Website of the FIA GT3 European Championship
Christopher Blake (born Peter Ronald Gray, 23 August 1949 – 11 December 2004) was an English actor and screenwriter. He is perhaps best remembered for starring in the British sitcoms Mixed Blessings (1978–80) and That's My Boy (1981–86).
He was born Peter Ronald Gray on 23 August 1949, the eldest of three boys, in Chingford, London, England. His father, Charles (known as Harry), was a plasterer and his mother, Elizabeth, a dressmaker and housewife. They went on to have two more sons. The family emigrated to Australia in the late 1950s but returned in 1966 and he attended the Fitzherbert Secondary Modern School, Brighton, Sussex. He then trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama and changed his name to Christopher Blake, because there was another Peter Gray registered with the actors' union, Equity. He chose the surname Blake from the telephone directory.
Blake first came to the attention of television audiences in 1972 when he was cast as Gilbert Blythe in the 1972 BBC adaptation of Anne of Green Gables. He would later reprise the role in 1975 in Anne of Avonlea. Blake later had roles in the LWT serial Love for Lydia (1977), and then a starring role in the ITV sitcom Mixed Blessings (1978–80) for which he also sang the theme tune. Although Blake remained busy as an actor in various stage and television roles, his next truly successful venture was the ITV sitcom That's My Boy (1981–86) in which he played Robert Price, a middle-class doctor who hires a live-in housekeeper (played by Mollie Sugden) who turns out to be his biological mother. After That's My Boy, Blake continued in character parts in episodic television, but never managed to land the more prominent roles that he had enjoyed earlier in his career. In 2000, he guest-starred in the Doctor Who audio adventure The Mutant Phase which featured the Daleks.
In later years Christopher Blake turned to screenwriting, writing several episodes of Channel 5's short-lived soap Family Affairs. He wrote two episodes ("Dancing in the Dark" and "Endangered Species") of the ITV crime serial A Touch of Frost with his writing partner Tony Charles.
He was married twice and had three children from his first marriage; two daughters and a son. A talented all-round cricketer since his youth in Australia, he played the game throughout his life, including for The Lord's Taverners and William Franklyn's team, the Sargentmen, which raised money for the Malcolm Sargent Cancer Fund for Children. One of his other great passions was supporting Arsenal F.C. and he dropped references to Arsenal into scripts whenever the opportunity arose.
In early 2004 after an aggressive and rare form of Non-Hodgkin lymphoma was diagnosed, Blake received treatment at the Royal Marsden Hospital in Surrey. He died on 11 December 2004 in London, England, aged 55. He is buried at the East London Cemetery and Crematorium.
Casualty .... Alan / ... (2 episodes, 1990, 2001)
Doctors  .... Dan Armstrong (1 episode, 2001)
Birds of a Feather  .... David Kane (1 episode, 1997)
Down to Earth  (1995) TV Series .... Chris Fairfax (7 episodes)
To Be the Best  (1992) (TV) .... Sandy
So Haunt Me (1992) .... Chris Longford (1 episode, 1992)
Brookside  TV Series .... Tim Derby (1991)
Young Charlie Chaplin (1989) .... Asylum Doctor (2 episodes, 1989)
That's My Boy (1981–1986) TV Series .... Dr. Robert Price (37 episodes)
Love's Labour's Lost (1985) (TV) .... Longaville
Alexa (1982) TV Series .... Paul
Tales of the Unexpected  .... Israeli Officer (1 episode, 1981)
The Mill on the Floss (1979) TV Miniseries .... Tom Tulliver
The Lost Boys  (1978) TV Series .... George
Mixed Blessings  (1978–80) TV Series .... Thomas Simpson (22 episodes)
A Ghost Story For Christmas: Stigma  (1977) (TV) .... Richard
Love For Lydia (1977) TV Series .... Richardson
Anne of Avonlea (1975) TV Series .... Gilbert Blythe
Warship .... Sg. Lt. Newcombe (1 episode, 1974)
Death or Glory Boy  (1974) (TV) .... David Parker
Anne of Green Gables (1972) TV Series .... Gilbert Blythe
Child 2 Man  (2000) .... Dabdu's Sidekick
La Passione  (1996) .... John MacIlroy
To be the best (1990) .... Sandy
Aces High  (1976) .... Lieutenant Roberts
Hennessy  (1975) .... Young Soldier
Because of the Cats  (1973) .... Frank Kieft
Christopher Blake at IMDb
A Killing Spring is a 2002 Canadian made-for-television thriller film directed by Stephen Williams and starring Wendy Crewson, Kim Schraner. The film's plot concerns the murder of a College dean.
Wendy Crewson - Joanne Kilbourn
Shawn Doyle - Detective Alex Emanuel
Michael Ontkean - Tom Keaton
Zachery Ty Bryan - Val Massey
Sherry Miller - Lisa Gallagher
John Furey - Reed Gallagher
Bruce Gray - Ed Kramer
Kim Schraner - Kelly Savage
Kris Holden-Ried - Karl Hrynluk
Jocelyn Snowdon - Emma Chavez
Callahan Connor - Angus Kilbourn
Natasha La Force - Taylor Kilbourn
Zachary Bennett - Zack
Pamela Wallin - Herself
Jean Yoon - Officer Lau
A Killing Spring at IMDb
Dope is a 1919 novel by Sax Rohmer set in the Limehouse area of London. It is not a Fu Manchu novel, and concerns itself with cannabis rather than opium. It is based on the story of Billie Carleton, a young English actress whose scandalous lifestyle ended with her death from a drug overdose in 1918.
The novel was adapted into comics by Trina Robbins between 1981 and 1983 in Eclipse Magazine and Eclipse Monthly. IDW Publishing published a collected edition of this work in 2017, with a postface by John B. Cooke.
List of works by Sax Rohmer
Dope: Sax Rohmer at the Internet Archive
Sax Rohmer's Dope graphic novel on Google Books
 Dope public domain audiobook at LibriVox
Hypacostemma is a genus of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. It is the only genus in the tribe Hypacostemmini. Hypacostemma contains at least 5 described species distributed throughout Southern Africa. Hypacostemma are usually large greenish leafhoppers with a length between 7-10 mm.
There are currently 5 described species in Hypacostemma:
Hypacostemma brevis Theron, 1987
Hypacostemma devia Theron, 1987
Hypacostemma falcata Theron, 1987
Hypacostemma uniformis Distant, 1910
Hypacostemma viridissima Linnavuori, 1961
Time of Dust is a mini album by British musician Ed Harcourt. It was released in January 2014 under CCCLX Music.
Bob Kerr's Whoopee Band, also billed as Bob Kerr and His Whoopee Band, is a jazz band which started in 1967 and continues to perform today. It was an offshoot of the eclectic Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band, and shared many similarities with other outfits of the time such as The New Vaudeville Band and The Temperance Seven. Kerr was a member of both the Bonzos and the New Vaudeville Band.
By 1971, for the album "Making Whoopee", the band's membership consisted of Bob Kerr, Vernon Dudley Bowhay Nowell, Sam Spoons, James Chambers, John "Evil Gieves" Watson, Biff Harrison, Franklin Tomes and David Glasson.
In 1976, for the album "The Whoopee Band", the membership consisted of Evil John Gieves Watson (banjo), Vernon Dudley Bowhay Nowell (tenor banjo), Biff Harrison, David Glasson (piano), Jim "Golden Boots" Chambers, Bob Kerr
For an August 1977 gig, the membership consisted of Bob Kerr - Trumpet, Trombone, Vernon Dudley Bowhay-Nowell - Banjo, "Gentleman Frankie" Tooms - Sousaphone, Sam Spoons - Drums, "Evil John" Gieves Watson - Banjo, Biff Harrison - Clarinet, Saxophone, Jim "Golden Boots" Chambers - Saxophone, David "Mr. Piano" Glasson - Piano.
In 1978, for the "Hard Pressed" album, the membership consisted of Bob Kerr (cornet), Jim "Golden Boots" Chambers (alto sax), Vernon Dudley Bowhay Nowell (tenor banjo), "Evil" John Gieves Watson, Biff Harrison, David Glasson (piano), Sam Spoons (drums) and Frank Tooms
In 1981, for the "Things That Go Bump in the Mike" album, the membership consisted of Bob Kerr, Jim Chambers, Vernon Dudley Bowhay Nowell, Biff Harrison, Sam Spoons, Hugh Crozier (piano) and Frank Tooms.
Two years later, the band split with Biff Harrison, Sam Spoons, Jim Chambers and John Gieves Watson  moving off to the Bill Posters Will Be Band. This band continue with Megs Etherington and another former Whoopee member, Peter Shade.
By the time of a 1987 performance in Germany, the Whoopee Band consisted of Bob Kerr - tuba, Vernon Dudley Bowhay-Nowell - banjo, Richard White - clarinet, Hugh Crozier - piano, Frank Tomes - sousaphone and Colin Bowden - drums
Members of Bob Kerr's Whoopee Band are Bob Kerr, John "The Professor" Percival, Malcolm Sked, Bert Lamb and Henri Harrison.
Former members of the band have included:
Vernon Dudley Bowhay-Nowell
Ian Howarth
Frankie Tomes
Sam Spoons
Hugh Crozier
Evil John Gieves Watson
Biff Harrison
Jim "Golden Boots" Chambers
David "Mr Piano" Glasson
Sean Moyses
Dangerous Dave Keech
Spike Botterill
Mad Henry Davis
Clive Fenton
Tim Phillips
Fred Ward
Sir Alan Buckley
Phil Buckley
Richard White
Dave Turner
Roscoe (The Binman) Birchmore
Graham Collicott
Mike Hobbs Hurrell
Official site
David Christie's Doo Dah Diaries
The 2008 WPS International Draft took place on September 24, 2008.  It was the first international draft held by Women's Professional Soccer to assign the WPS rights of international players to the American-based teams.  For the 2009 season, teams will be able to sign 5 international players to their roster.
Draft order was determined by weighted results from a coach's poll about the strength of each team's USWNT allocation, which had occurred earlier that month.
List of foreign WPS players
Complete draft coverage
The American Society for Reproductive Medicine (ASRM) is a non-profit, multidisciplinary organization dedicated to the advancement of the science and practice of reproductive medicine. The society has its headquarters in Birmingham, AL and  a public affairs office in Washington, DC.
Founded in 1944 by a small group of fertility experts who met in Chicago, the initial name was the American Society for the Study of Sterility, later the American Fertility Society (AFS). Though primarily an American organization, ASRM said it had members from over 100 countries as of 2020. The society hosts an annual convention, as well as courses, seminars, workshops and publications.  Special interest groups are focused on a range of reproductive medicine topics. ASRM has an Ethics Committee that provides guidance on ethical issues. The ASRM Practice Committee issues clinical guidelines and reports.
In May 2014, the ASRM became an associated a non-governmental organization (NGO) with the World Health Organization (WHO).
Publications of the ASRM include:
Fertility and Sterility – Peer reviewed monthly official publication of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Society for Reproductive Endocrinology and Infertility, Society of Reproductive Surgeons, Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology, Society for Male Reproduction and Urology, Pacific Coast Reproductive Society and Canadian Fertility and Andrology Society.
Journal of Assisted Reproduction and Genetics – Published monthly; was published as Journal of In Vitro Fertilization and Embryo Transfer before 1992
Ethics Committee Reports and Statements – Ethical issues in reproduction are addressed by the Ethics Committee that published guidelines for medical practitioners.
Practice Committee Guidelines – Practice Committee summarizes consensus opinions on  medical standards and educational bulletins.
Patient Education Fact Sheets and Booklets – series produced under the direction of the ASRM Patient Education Committee and the Publications Committee.
European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology
Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority
Assisted Human Reproduction Canada
ASRM Home page
Fertility and Sterility
Journal of Assisted Reproduction and Genetics
ReproductiveFacts.org – the ASRM patient education portal
A Megasite or Mega-Site is a land development by private developers, universities, or governments to promote business clusters.  These organizations develop the land so that it is "shovel ready" for big business, by improving the infrastructure (roads, utilities, and landscape).  Megasites can be an industrial district, business park, research park, science park, commercial district, tourist park or a combination of these.
Megasites are located in suburban to rural areas, in contrast to business districts located in downtown city centers. These sites are typically created close to pre-existing transportation infrastructure (interstates, railroads, intermodal ports, airports,  and rivers) and public utilities (electricity, substations, natural gas, water, sewage,  fixed-line, and Broadband internet services from Coaxial cable to fiber-optic and Mobile broadband).  It's also located close to human capital such as large populations, universities, or tech schools. Land area for these sites can range from several hundred to several thousand acres.
Memphis Regional Megasite,  Golden Triangle (Mississippi), and Research Triangle Park (North Carolina) are examples of government initiated Megasites in America.
CenterPoint Properties, Eastman Business Park, and Denver Tech Center are examples of private Mega-Sites.
Stanford Industrial Park (now Stanford Research Park) was the first university to facilitate a private Megasite, that led to the creation of Silicon Valley.
Decommissioned military bases have been converted in the past to economic hubs.   They repurpose the buildings and redevelop the land while working with and selling/leasing the land to private developers.  
Military bases are secessioned from the state, hence they don't have to pay sales taxes at the exchanges.  If they were to keep that land partitioned from the state, business and property would be exempt from local and state taxes, making it a boom for business clusters.
Industrial district
Business park
Research park
Science park
Hsinchu Science and Industrial Park
Songdo International Business District
Stanford Research Park
Silicon Valley
Base Realignment and Closure
https://web.archive.org/web/20140606203613/http://www.memphismegasite.com/mrm.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20140606205921/http://www.southalabamamegasite.com/Default.aspx
https://web.archive.org/web/20140606232357/http://www.sb-d.com/Features/Winter2012/TenMegasitesintheSouthforthenextBigKahuna/tabid/487/Default.aspx
https://web.archive.org/web/20140607004505/http://www.csx.com/index.cfm/customers/industrial-development/site-search/certified-megasites/
http://www.areadevelopment.com/siteSelection/aug08/mega-site-location-factors.shtml
Daniel Udree (August 5, 1751 – July 15, 1828) was a Democratic-Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
He was born on August 5, 1751 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He served in the American Revolution as a chosen Colonel and participated in the Battle of Brandywine, where his horse was shot from underneath him, and again served as a Major General in the War of 1812. He was elected to the 13th Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John M. Hyneman and served from October 12, 1813 to March 3, 1815.  He was unsuccessful in his reelection bid in 1814.
He was elected to the 16th Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Joseph Hiester and served from December 26, 1820 to March 3, 1821.  In 1822, he won election to the 18th Congress, which would begin on March 4, 1823.  After the death of Representative Ludwig Worman on October 17, 1822, he won the special election for the seat for the remainder of the 17th Congress and was seated on December 10, 1822, serving until March 3, 1825.  He died in Reading, Pennsylvania on July 15, 1828.
United States Congress. "Daniel Udree (id: U000003)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress.
https://www.legis.state.pa.us/cfdocs/legis/BiosHistory/MemBio.cfm?ID=5640&body=S
Home Farm was the estate farm for Brodick Castle. It now houses a series of tourist enterprises including a cheese shop, Creeler's seafood restaurant and Arran Aromatics. This was the site of the curiously named Khartoum which was a kind of shanty town. It appears that makeshift towns all over Britain were given exotic names in a kind of ironic way.
Opposite Home Farm is Murchie Sand Pit, which is Arran's largest lowland pond (or loch). The sands and gravels have a variety of uses but the most famous is that of being used for water purification in Saudi Arabia, a case of selling coals to Newcastle.
The 1996 Big 12 Conference Softball tournament was held at ASA Hall of Fame Stadium in Oklahoma City, OK from May 10 through May 11, 1996. Oklahoma won their first conference tournament and earned the Big 12 Conference's automatic bid to the 1996 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament.Oklahoma, Oklahoma State, Nebraska and Texas A&M received bids to the NCAA tournament.
Source:
Source:
Banemaster: The Adventure is an out-of-print collectible card game by Tiger Ltd. and Chessex. The goal was to tell a story with your cards.
It was released in August 1995. The original set had at least 305 cards, though the exact number is not officially known.
Steve Faragher reviewed Banemaster for Arcane magazine, rating it a 3 out of 10 overall. Faragher comments that "it's an introduction to RPGs written by somebody who's never played one, that could only be found interesting by someone not yet into puberty."According to John Jackson Miller of Scrye, the game is considered a failure, therefore the only remaining game element is determining the exact card list for the set. The company announced the set had 234 cards, but to date 305 have been documented. The goal was to tell a story with your cards.Designed by Alexander Duncan, the game attempted to bring more role-playing game elements to the gameplay, but suffered from poor art choices, some of which were too gruesome for kids. Allen Varney of The Duelist reviewed the game as for "people with wood-burning stoves" suggesting the game was terrible.
Andrew Robert Fausset (1821–1910) was an Irish Anglican clergyman, now known as a biblical commentator. He was an evangelical preacher and author.
Born on 13 October 1821 at Silverhill, County Fermanagh, he was the son of the Rev. William Fausset by his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Andrew Fausset, provost of Sligo; the family was of French origin. Educated first at Dungannon Royal School, he obtained a scholarship at Trinity College, Dublin in 1838. Gaining prizes and awards there, he graduated B.A. in 1843 (senior moderator in classics), and won the vice-chancellor's Latin verse prize both that year and in 1844. He obtained the divinity testimonium (second class) in 1845, and graduated M.A. in 1846, proceeding B.D. and D.D. in 1886.On graduating, Fausset became an academic coach at Trinity. He was ordained deacon in 1847 and priest in 1848 by Edward Maltby, the Bishop of Durham, and served from 1847 to 1859 as curate of Bishop Middleham, a Durham colliery village. From 1859 until his death he was rector of the parish of St Cuthbert's Church, York.In 1885 Fausset was made a prebendary of York Minster. He died at York on 8 February 1910.
Fausset wrote much on biblical prophecy. He was a co-author of the Jamieson-Fausset-Brown Bible Commentary, with Robert Jamieson and David Brown. This work appeared in six volumes, from 1864 to 1870, and then had numerous full or abridged editions. Fausset's share in this Critical, Experimental and Practical Commentary was  volumes iii., iv., (Job to Malachi) and vi (I Corinthians to Revelation). His other religious publications were:
Scripture and the Prayer-Book in Harmony, 1854; revised ed. 1894, an answer to objections against the liturgy.
Volumes ii. and iv. (Job, Ecclesiastes, Malachi; Corinthians I and Revelation) in the Critical and Explanatory Pocket Bible, 1863–4.
Studies in the CL. Psalms, 1877; 2nd edit. 1885, an application of the argument from "undesigned coincidences".
The Englishman's Critical and Expository Bible Cyclopædia, originally issued in parts, in volume form, 1878. It appeared in 1891 as 950,000 words.
Signs of the Times, 1881.
Commentary on Judges, 1885.
Guide to the Study of the Book of Common Prayer, 1894, 3rd edit. 1903.Fausset also translated into English Johann Albrecht Bengel's Gnomon of the New Testament (1857), with notes and a life of Bengel. As a classical scholar, he produced editions of:
The comedies of Terence (omitting the Eunuch) (1844);
Homer's Iliad, i.–viii. (1846), influenced by criticisms of Friedrich August Wolf, Carsten Niebuhr and George Grote; and of
Livy, i.-iii., with prolegomena and notes (1849).He translated also the Hecuba (1850) and the Medea (1851) of Euripides.
Fausset was three times married:
in 1859, to Elizabeth, daughter of William Knowlson, of York, by whom he had three sons and one daughter;
in 1874, to Agnes Antonia, daughter of Major William Porter, of Hembury Fort, Honiton, by whom he had one son; and
in 1889, to Frances, youngest daughter of the Rev. Dr. William Alder Strange, headmaster of Abingdon School and vicar of Bishop Middleham.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Buckland, Augustus Robert (1912). "Fausset, Andrew Robert". Dictionary of National Biography (2nd supplement). London: Smith, Elder & Co.
Buckland, A. R.; Foster, I. T. "Fausset, Andrew Robert (1821–1910)". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (online ed.). Oxford University Press. doi:10.1093/ref:odnb/33095. (Subscription or UK public library membership required.)
General elections were held in Jordan on 21 October 1956. The National Socialist Party emerged as the largest party, with 12 seats.The elections were considered to be one of the most free in Jordan's history, and was the first and only election to produce an elected government. Hizb ut-Tahrir, which won a single seat, was later banned.
Suleiman Nabulsi's cabinet
The Seal of the Philippine House of Representatives is the seal officially adopted by the House of Representatives of the Philippines to authenticate certain official documents. The seal is of the Office of the House of Representatives and not to any members of the Philippine House of Representatives including the House Speaker.
The Seal of the Philippine House of Representatives was adopted through House Resolution No. 233 on September 23, 2015. The seal consists of the Coat of Arms of the Philippines without the scroll and inscription in the center. 81 stars are encircled around the coat of arms representing the 81 provinces of the Philippines. The year "1907" is inscribed at the bottom of the coat of arms, representing the year the first Philippine Assembly was inaugurated. Before 2015, the year indicated on the seal was "1987", the year that the current form of the House of Representatives was established after the adaption of the 1987 constitution.
Demetrius Grosse (born February 26, 1981) is an American actor and producer. He is best known for his role as Rock in the feature film Straight Outta Compton, Emmett Yawners in the Cinemax television series Banshee, Errol in the FX television series Justified, and Baron Samedi in NBC's Heroes.
Born and raised in Washington, D.C., Grosse began honing his performance skills at the age of ten. Spending time at the Summer Musical Theater Workshop, Grosse was able to practice singing, acting, and dance. As a theatre actor he honed his craft on the stage starring in more than five plays with SMTW. Through training and performance, acting, singing, and dance were all elements of performance that were developed early on as Grosse began to build his repertoire. Grosse was not always considering acting though. For a time he was interested in veterinary medicine, coding, and even cut hair as a barber at Legends, a well-known LA  barber shop. By 17 Grosse pursued his dreams of acting and studied at Gonzaga College High School. Grosse then went on and achieved an award for the Andrew Carnegie Undergraduate Grant for artistic merit and later graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with a degree from its School of Drama. In 2002, Grosse completed a visiting student program in which he finished two semesters of intensive study at the Howard University College of Fine Arts in his home of Washington DC. During July, Grosse took his craft to the international arena, studying and performing both classical and contemporary drama with the British American Drama Academy in Oxford, England. In the summer of 2007, Grosse joined Shakespeare Santa Monica. He had performed on the stages of Oxford, England with the BADA group, in Washington DC with The Shakespeare Theatre, and in Cape Town, South Africa with UCT.
Grosse is currently filming on HBO's upcoming series Westworld based on the 1973 film of the same name. He appeared in Michael Bay's feature film 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi (2016). Grosse is known for taking on many characters from various background and of all different genres. He made his acting debut in Numbers (2005) and is well known for his roles in Straight Outta Compton (2015), Saving Mr. Banks (2013), This Is Martin Bonner (2013) and Banshee (2013). His other television credits include Justified, Criminal Minds, ER, NCIS, Heroes, Bones, Dexter, CSI: Miami and Frontier. Grosse also made appearances in The Inheritance (2011), and Hollywoo (2011). Grosse has credits for producing Last Cry for Katrina (2013), Moonshiners, and A Quiet Fire (2009).
On Banshee, Grosse portrayed series regular character Deputy Emmett Yawners for the first two seasons. Grosse's character was the Deputy for the Banshee County Sheriff's Department in the town of Banshee, Pennsylvania. Known as a family man and the moral compass of the show, Deputy Yawners fought until the end protecting his pregnant wife in the season 2 finale episode "Bullets & Tears".
On Justified, Grosse portrayed recurring character Errol Butler who is Ellstin Limehouse's right-hand man in Noble's Holler. Errol's hand is also shown to be badly burned from lye, possibly by Limehouse for disobeying him at some point. In Season 3, Errol is shown to resemble Boyd's own former right-hand Johnny Crowder, as he is willing to turn on his leader any chance he gets and attempts to make several power plays to increase Limehouse's wealth and power, all without his boss's permission. These plays eventually get Errol kicked out of Noble's Holler in the finale "Slaughterhouse", but he returns to defend Limehouse when he sees Robert Quarles returning with Raylan Givens and another hostage. Errol takes a bullet for Limehouse and his fate is left ambiguous as the season ends. In the Season 6 episode "Sounding", Errol is revealed to be alive and on better terms with Limehouse and is ordered by him to accompany Ava into gathering supplies at a hardware store in order to excavate Boyd's money from a bank robbery to pay off Limehouse for a car. Bob Sweeney and Raylan approach the hardware store, Bob having tracked down Errol from Noble's. Bob and Errol have a stand-off as Bob attempts to lure Errol out of the store on a bogus charge so that Raylan can get Ava back into his custody. Bob then tases Errol when he refuses to cooperate and leaves with him out of the store.
On Heroes, Grosse portrayed recurring character Baron Samedi. "Baron Samedi" was the alias used by a warlord in Haiti who escaped from Level 5. Baron Samedi has impenetrable skin, which grants him a greater resistance to physical injury than an average human. His skin is a virtually indestructible armor, impenetrable by bullets, blades, or any other known weapon. When flown into a car by Nathan, Samedi is able to stand up unscathed. According to his assignment tracker profile, Samedi's control index is 82%. His data analysis show his biological level at 80, cerebral at 45, elemental at 15 and temporal/spatial at 25.
Demetrius Grosse at IMDb
Demetrius Grosse at Metacritic
Demetrius Grosse at Rotten Tomatoes
Captain William McCanlis (30 October 1840 – 19 November 1925) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Kent County Cricket Club between 1862 and 1877 and later became known for his role in coaching young cricketers at the county's Tonbridge Nursery. He was born at Woolwich, then considered to be part of Kent but now in London, and died at Westcombe Park in Blackheath.
McCanlis had a long career in the British Army as a quartermaster in the Ordnance Store Department, a forerunner of the Royal Army Ordnance Corps; he was awarded the honorary rank of captain in 1886 and was regularly referred to as "Captain McCanlis" thereafter. He played cricket for Kent as a right-handed middle-order or opening batsman and an occasional bowler in a few matches in the early 1860s, and then returned to play fairly regularly between 1871 and 1877. By modern standards, his batting figures are unimpressive, and his highest score was an innings of 67 made against Lancashire in 1873. In the same season, he and his brother George scored 99 of the 107 runs that came from the bat in Kent's first innings in the Surrey game. An obituary of him almost 50 years after his last first-class game stated: "At his best, he was a powerful hitter, driving extremely well, and he was also a useful field."
After he ceased playing, McCanlis joined the Kent County Cricket Club committee and took charge of the identification and development of young players at the newly established Tonbridge Nursery. He was credited with spotting and then coaching many of the side that provided Kent with its most successful team ever in the years leading up to the First World War, among them Colin Blythe, Frank Woolley, James Seymour, Arthur Fielder, Jack Hubble and Wally Hardinge.
McCanlis' brother George played first-class cricket for Kent alongside him; his grandson Kenneth McCanlis was a Minor Counties player and a first-class umpire; Maurice McCanlis, Oxford University cricket captain and an England rugby union international, was a cousin.
William McCanlis at ESPNcricinfo
Killarmy () is an American hip hop group, that is known through its affiliation with Wu-Tang Clan  It is one of the earliest and most successful of the many Wu-Tang affiliates along with  Sunz of Man.
Killarmy's music consists of lyrics and songs focused on the themes of military combat and war, terrorism and conspiracy theories. The group's instrumentals are usually somber with ominous dark undertones and a raw, gritty production style provided by 4th Disciple.
Originally consisting of New York rappers: 9th Prince (RZA's younger brother), Islord, Dom Pachino, Killa Sin, and Ohio-based producer 4th Disciple; it added Beretta 9 (a.k.a. Kinetic 9) and ShoGun Assasson to its membership in 1996, also from Ohio.Killarmy released numerous singles from 1995 to 1997, including "Swinging Swords" and "Camouflage Ninjas" as well as appearing on the Sunz Of Man collaborations "Wake Up" and "Soldiers of Darkness". Their debut album, Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars, was released in 1997, just after the release of Wu-Tang Clan's second album, as well as a 12-inch single containing two tracks from the album, which were "Wu-Renegades" and "Clash of the Titans."
In 1997, the group's manager "General Wise" was shot dead in Steubenville, Ohio, (where several members and Wu-Tang Clan members like the RZA had spent time in their youth), but the group pressed on undeterred, appearing on the Wu-Tang Killa Bees: The Swarm compilation and each making numerous appearances on other Wu-Tang Clan projects, Wu-Tang affiliates' projects, non-Wu-Tang Clan related albums such as ONYX – Shut 'Em Down, Vordul Mega – Verbal Relaxation and movie soundtracks such as Soul in the Hole.
The group's second album, Dirty Weaponry, was released in 1998, and their third album, Fear, Love & War was released on September 11, 2001. In 2010, 9th Prince confirmed that a new album was in the works between the five remaining members (besides Killa Sin) with the first single to be called "The Sound Of Gunz" produced by Bronze Nazareth dropping that June. However, production problems and inner dealings have not allowed for the album to be completed. In April, 2011, Killarmy released a new single "One Shot" produced by 4th Disciple. A Greatest Hits album was released weeks later under the WuMusic Group label.
In March 2019, Killarmy member, Kinetic 9, was featured in the song "Death 13" on Cryptik Soul's album Killer's Blood.
In January 2020, Kinetic 9 and ShoGun Assason released a seven track EP, “The Truth is Even Darker” with San Francisco based producer, Sticky Ricardo .
In 2020, Killarmy released their long aiwated fourth album "Full Metal Jackets", produced by 9th Prince and featured Prodigal Sunn, Killah Priest & 60 Second Assassin (Sunz Of Man), Timbo King (Royal Fam), Cappadonna (Wu-Tang Clan), La The Darkman, Reverend William Burk, Ill Bill (Non Phixion), William Cooper (Black Market Militia), Stic Man (Dead Prez), Masta Ace, Planet Asia, Ras Kass, Willie The Kid and El Camino.
Martin Withington Clement (December 5, 1881 – August 30, 1966) was the 11th President of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR), from 1935 to 1948.
Clement was born and raised in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, and was the son of Major General Charles M. Clement. He attended Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, graduating in the Class of 1901 with a degree in civil engineering.
Martin W. Clement was a veteran of the Pennsylvania National Guard’s 12th Regiment. During World War I he was an advisor to the U.S. Railroad Administration, and he performed a similar function for the War Department during World War II.
After serving with the Pennsylvania National Guard, he joined the Pennsylvania Railroad as a rodman for the principal assistant engineer of a PRR subsidiary. Rising through the railroad's engineering ranks, Clement assisted in surveying the floor of the Hudson River during construction of Pennsylvania Station, New York City in the 1900s.
After serving as superintendent of transportation of the United States Railroad Administration during World War I, Clement was tapped to become head of the PRR's Lake Division in Cleveland, and steadily rose through the corporate ranks to the PRR's executive vice-presidency.Clement was formally nominated to the PRR presidency in April 1935 by his retiring predecessor, William Wallace Atterbury, in whose capacity Clement had acted since July 1934. Under Clement, operating revenues grew from $368 million in 1935 to a peak of over $1 billion in 1944. One of his great accomplishments was the continuation of electrification of the PRR mainlines, begun under General Atterbury, from New York City to Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, DC, and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He also oversaw the introduction of more streamlined locomotives, new and old passenger cars that were air-conditioned, and the beginning of dieselization. By the end of World War II, PRR controlled more than 20 percent of American passenger traffic and 11 percent of freight traffic.Succeeded by Walter S. Franklin in the railroad's presidency, Clement continued to serve as Chairman of the Board until 1951, and as a PRR director until 1957. Clement retired to his home in Rosemont, Pennsylvania, where he died on August 30, 1966. Two days later, all PRR trains systemwide came to a stop for one minute at 3:00 PM Eastern Time in his honor. Clement was buried at Church of the Redeemer Cemetery in Bryn Mawr.
List of railroad executives
Martin W. Clement at Find a Grave
Clement on the cover of Time Magazine, March 16, 1936
Kenneth A. Carey (August 7, 1893 – January 4, 1981) was an American sailor who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 he was a crew member of the American boat Angelita which won the gold medal in the 8 metre class.
Drunk Horse is a rock band from Oakland, California. Formed in 1998, the band released several albums on Man's Ruin Records before the label went out of business. The band then moved on to Tee Pee Records with 2003's Adult Situations, which was followed in 2005 by In Tongues. Drunk Horse has toured in the US and Europe.  The band has played Austin, Texas' South by Southwest Festival several times.
Cyrus Comiskey
Cripe Jergensen
Eli Eckert
Joel Robinow
John Niles
Isaiah Mitchell
Josh Smith
Drunk Horse CD, Man's Ruin Records (1999)
Drunk Horse LP, Man's Ruin Records/Oakland Pants Factory (1999)
Tanning Salon/Biblical Proportions CD, Man's Ruin Records (2001)
Adult Situations CD, Tee Pee Records (2003)
In Tongues CD/LP, Tee Pee Records/Wantage USA (2005)
Live in Utah CD, Silver Current Records (2014)
Bambi/Dirty Mind 7", Wantage USA
Unearthed Gems Vol. 2 7"
"Independent Type / Joint of Lamb" Split Single w/ The Feather (Delboy Records) 2004
Oakland The Secret is Out "One Track Woman" CD, Warm and Fuzzy Records
Port Lite Compilation "Secret Ingredient" CD, Food Stamp Records (2000)
Right In The Nuts: A Tribute to Aerosmith "Kings and Queens" CD, Man's Ruin Records
Wantage USA's 21st Release Hits Omnibus 2XCD, Wantage USA
Author Ned Vizzini's novel Be More Chill, about a guy who takes a pill called a squip that makes him cooler, was partly inspired by "AM/FM Shoes", a song from Tanning Salon/Biblical Proportions. He writes that "'AM/FM Shoes' is about a guy who feels like a loser, except he has special shoes that play the radio, and when he puts them on, he becomes the coolest guy around."
Drunk Horse @ MySpace
Review of In Tongues by the SF Weekly
Drunk Horse review in the Austin Chronicle
L.A. Weekly article
Eugene Edward Stokowski (June 23, 1921 – August 1, 1979) was an American politician and businessman.
Stokowski was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota and graduated from Edison High School in 1939. He served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II. Stokowski graduated from University of Minnesota in 1949 and was involved with the stock market. Stokowski served on the Minneapolis City Council and was a Democrat. He served in the Minnesota Senate from 1973 until his death in 1979. His wife Anne K. Stokowski also served in the Minnesota Senate.
Eugene E. Stokowski at Find a Grave
Buxhall Mill is a tower mill at Buxhall, Suffolk, England which has been converted to residential accommodation.
There have been three windmills on this site. The first mill was a post mill. It was marked on Joseph Hodgkinson's map of 1783 and described as "newly erected" in a newspaper report of it burning down as the result of suspected arson on 9 July 1814.The second mill was a smock mill. It was built by Samuel Wright, millwright of Needham Market. The account for building the mill reads,
In the 1850s, a steam mill was erected close to the smock mill. It was powered by a beam engine and drove two pairs of millstones. a third pair was added at a later date, along with other machines for cleaning grain and dressing flour. This proved to be too much for the beam engine with the result that the beam broke and the engine was wrecked. The mill was worked by the Clover family until 1860 when it was dismantled. The machinery, cap and sails from the smock mill were incorporated into the new tower mill. Work started on 8 May 1860 and was completed in February 1861.Buxhall Mill was built by William Bear, the Sudbury millwright at a cost of £506 6s 9d. The lower three storeys formed the base of a smock mill which stood on the site previously. The mill was worked by wind until  November 1929 when the sails were damaged in a storm. The swing-pot neck bearing was removed and sold to John Bryant of Pakenham mill. It was eventually installed in that mill in 1950 by Amos Clarke, the Ipswich millwright. In the 1940s Buxhall mill was stripped of its millstones and refitted as an engine driven mill, in which form it worked until 1971. The mill had lost its cap by 1971, with the cap frame remaining on the top of the tower.
The tower of Buxhall Mill is three storeys, built on a three-storey base of a smock mill. It is 17 feet 8 inches (5.38 m) diameter at curb level. There was a stage at second-floor level.
Buxhall Mill had a domed cap with a gallery. It was 17 feet 6 inches (5.33 m) diameter and 14 feet (4.27 m) high internally. The four Patent sails  had eleven bays of three shutters, and spanned 80 feet (24.38 m). They were carried on stocks of 55 feet (16.76 m) long, 13 inches (330 mm) square at the poll end. The sails were 33 feet 6 inches (10.21 m) long and 8 feet 6 inches (2.59 m) long. They were fitted with Catchpole's Air Brakes. These provided extra power in light winds, but acted as an effective air brake in strong winds. The windshaft weighed 38 cwt (1,930 kg) and cost £38. 0. 0. new in 1860. The cap was winded by an eight bladed fantail. An unusual feature of this mill was the cast iron gutter around the curb, which collected rainwater from the cap and delivered it to the ground via a downpipe on the outside of the mill.
The mill drove four pairs of millstones, a fifth pair being described as "of small size". The upright shaft was in two sections. It carried a 6 feet 2 inches (1.88 m) cast iron great spur wheel with 96 cogs. The spur wheel weighed 2 tons 13 cwt (2,693 kg) and cost £32. 0 .0 new in 1860.
Isaac Clover 1815-44 (smock mill)
Clover 1860- (tower mill)
Clover
J A Clover -1971References for above:-
Windmill World webpage on Buxhall Mill.
Jim Kammerud (born July 23, 1960) is an American director, writer, producer and animator, best known for his work with the Walt Disney Company.
Kammerud attended the Ohio State University in the mid-1980s.  There he developed his cartooning style by working as an editorial cartoonist, as well as creating the comic strip "It's Working", for The Lantern, the University's student newspaper.  Also on staff at The Lantern at the time was Jeff Smith, later known for the comic book Bone.
After college, while still living in Columbus, Ohio, Kammerud and Smith formed the Character Builders animation studio. There, Kammerud began working on Rover Dangerfield and worked as an animator and storyboard artist for Bébé's Kids as well as Space Jam. He became involved with Disney as sequence director for the additional animation in Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World and later joined to direct and design the new characters in The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea.  His next film as director was 101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure, when he also worked on part of the screenplay.  His second film where he worked on the screenplay was Tarzan II, in addition to producing the film, and his most recent Disney project, The Fox and the Hound 2 is his first film without co-direction from Brian Smith.  He also worked on The Aristocats II, which has since been shelved after the decision to drastically reduce the number of direct-to-video sequels made by Disney.
He has also done storyboards for many non-Disney animated films with Toronto-based animation/animatic studio House of Cool, including Gnomeo & Juliet, Ice Age: Continental Drift, Escape from Planet Earth, Epic, The Nut Job and Rio 2.
In 2009, Kammerud was featured in The Cartoonist, a documentary film on the life and work of Jeff Smith, creator of Bone.
Jim Kammerud at IMDb
Ultimate Disney Interview
The Kansas Jayhawks, commonly referred to as simply KU or Kansas, are the athletic teams that represent the University of Kansas. KU is one of three schools in the state of Kansas that participate in NCAA Division I. The Jayhawks are also a member of the Big 12 Conference. KU athletic teams have won eleven NCAA Division I championships: three in men's basketball, one in men's cross country, three in men's indoor track and field, three in men's outdoor track and field, and one in women's outdoor track and field.
The name "Jayhawks" comes from the Kansas Jayhawker freedom fighter and pro-Unionist militias during the Bleeding Kansas era of the American Civil War.
The origin of the term "Jayhawk" (short for "Jayhawker") is uncertain. The origin of the term may go back as far as the Revolutionary War, when it was reportedly used to describe a group associated with American Founding Father and patriot John Jay, who served in the American Revolution as well as the 1st Chief Justice of the United States as a member of the right wing Federalist Party.The term became part of the lexicon of the Missouri-Kansas border in about 1858, during the Kansas territorial period. The term was used to describe militant bands nominally associated with the free-state cause. One early Kansas history contained this succinct characterization of the jayhawkers:
Confederated at first for defense against pro-slavery outrages, but ultimately falling more or less completely into the vocation of robbers and assassins, they have received the name – whatever its origin may be – of jayhawkers.
Another historian of the territorial period described the jayhawkers as bands of men that were willing to fight, kill, and rob for a variety of motives that included defense against pro-slavery "Border Ruffians", abolition, driving pro-slavery settlers from their claims of land, revenge, and/or plunder and personal profit.In September 1861, the town of Osceola, Missouri was burned to the ground by Jayhawkers during the Sacking of Osceola. On the 150th anniversary of that event in 2011, the town asked the University of Kansas to remove the Jayhawk as its mascot. The university refused.
Over time, proud of their state's contributions to the end of slavery and the preservation of the Union, Kansans embraced the "Jayhawker" term. The term came to be applied to people or items related to Kansas. When the University of Kansas fielded their first football team in 1890, like many universities at that time, they had no official mascot. They used many different independent mascots, including a pig. Eventually, sometime during the 1890s, the team was referred to as the Jayhawkers by the student body. Over time, the name was gradually supplanted by its shorter variant, and KU's sports teams are now almost exclusively known as the Jayhawks. The Jayhawk appears in several Kansas cheers, most notably, the "Rock Chalk, Jayhawk" chant in unison before and during games. In the traditions promoted by KU, the jayhawk is said to be a combination of two birds, "the blue jay, a noisy, quarrelsome thing known to rob other nests, and the sparrow hawk, a stealthy hunter."The link between the term "Jayhawkers" and any specific kind of mythical bird, if it ever existed, had been lost or at least obscured by the time KU's bird mascot was invented in 1912. The originator of the bird mascot, Henry Maloy, struggled for over two years to create a pictorial symbol for the team, until hitting upon the bird idea. As explained by Mr. Maloy, "the term ‘jayhawk’ in the school yell was a verb and the term ‘jayhawkers’ was the noun." KU's current Jayhawk tradition largely springs from Frank W. Blackmar, a KU professor. In his 1926 address on the origin of the Jayhawk, Blackmar specifically referenced the blue jay and sparrow hawk. Blackmar's address served to soften the link between KU's athletic team moniker and the Jayhawkers of the Kansas territorial period, and helped explain the relatively recently invented Jayhawk pictorial symbol with a myth that appears to have been of even more recent fabrication.
The University of Kansas officially sponsors 16 sports: 6 men's and 8 women's. There are also club-level sports for rugby, ice hockey, and men's volleyball. The school used to sponsor a wrestling team, though the sport was discontinued during the 1960s.
The Jayhawks men's basketball program is one of the most successful and prestigious programs in the history of college basketball. The Jayhawks' first coach was the inventor of the game, James Naismith. The program has produced some of the game's greatest professional players (including Clyde Lovellette, Wilt Chamberlain, Jo Jo White, Paul Pierce, and Frank Mason III, and most successful coaches (including Phog Allen, Adolph Rupp, Ralph Miller, Dutch Lonborg, John McLendon, Larry Brown, Dean Smith, Roy Williams, and Bill Self). The program has enjoyed considerable national success, having been retroactively selected Helms Foundation National Champions for 1922 and 1923, winning NCAA national championships in 1952, 1988, and 2008, and playing in 15 Final Fours, and is one of only three programs to win more than 2,000 games. In Street & Smith's Annual list of 100 greatest college basketball programs of all time in 2005, KU ranked 4th.
Kansas first fielded a women's team during the 1968–69 season. For thirty-one seasons (1973–2004) the women's team was coached by Marian Washington, who led the team to three Big Eight championships, one Big 12 Championship, six conference tournament championships, eleven NCAA Tournament appearances and four AIAW Tournament appearances. The team's best post-season result was a Sweet Sixteen appearance in 1998. Bonnie Henrickson served as head coach from 2004 to 2015, until she was fired in March 2015. Brandon Schneider was hired to replace Henrickson in April 2015.
KU began playing football in 1890. The football team has had notable alumni including Gale Sayers, a two-time All-American who later enjoyed an injury-shortened yet Hall of Fame career with the Chicago Bears; John Riggins, another Pro Football Hall of Famer and Super Bowl XVII MVP with the Washington Redskins; Pro Football Hall of Famer for the Cleveland Browns, Mike McCormack. Additional notable former Jayhawks John Hadl, Curtis McClinton, Dana Stubblefield, Bobby Douglass, Nolan Cromwell, and current NFL cornerbacks Aqib Talib and Chris Harris Jr.. The Jayhawks have appeared three times in the Orange Bowl, 1948, 1969 and 2008, winning in 2008. The team currently plays in Memorial Stadium (capacity 50,071), the seventh oldest college football stadium in the nation, which opened in 1921. Clint Bowen was named interim head coach after Charlie Weis was fired September 28, 2014. On December 5, 2014, David Beaty was announced as the next head football coach.
Kansas baseball began in 1880 and has produced notable players such as Bob Allison and Steve Renko. The team has appeared in five NCAA tournaments (1993, 1994, 2006, 2009, 2014) and one College World Series (1993).
The Jayhawks softball team has appeared in seven Women's College World Series, including five straight from 1973–77, as well as 1979 and 1992.
In 1949, Marilynn Smith won the women's individual intercollegiate golf championship (an event conducted by the Division of Girls' and Women's Sports (DGWS) — which later evolved into the current NCAA women's golf championship).
Founded in 1964, Kansas Jayhawks Rugby Football Club plays college rugby in the Division 1 Heart of America conference against its many of its traditional Big 8 / Big 12 rivals such as Kansas State and Missouri. Kansas finished the 2011 year ranked 24th. Kansas rugby has embarked on international tours since 1977, playing in Europe, New Zealand, South Africa, Belgium, Holland, Scotland, England, Ireland and Argentina.
The team plays its matches at the Westwick Rugby Complex, which was funded by $350,000 in alumni donations. Kansas often hosts the annual Heart of America sevens tournament played every September, the winner of which qualifies for the USA Rugby sevens national championship. Notable University of Kansas rugby all-Americans are: Pete Knudsen 1986, Paul King 1989–90, Anthony Rio 1992, Philip Olson 1993 all American, Joel Foster 1993, Collin Gotham 1993.
Competing in the ACHA, the Kansas Jayhawks Club Ice Hockey team has seen a resurgence in popularity since the team started scheduling games against historical rivals Missouri and Nebraska, starting on an annualized basis in 2013. The team is coached by Andy McConnell.
The team's primary logo is the traditional Kansas Jayhawk logo, with the secondary logo playing homage to the Vancouver Canucks classic logo, with the outline of the state of Kansas having a hockey stick running through the middle of it.
Big 12 Conference champions have the best conference regular season record, and titles are awarded to the winner of the postseason championship tournament. In all sports combined (as of December 2016) the Jayhawks have won total of 169 conference titles all-time, 24 championships since joining the Big 12. Note that approximately 1/3 of those are from the Men's basketball.
Men's basketballThe Jayhawks have won or shared an NCAA record 60 conference championships since they joined their first conference in 1907. The Jayhawks have belonged to the Big 12 Conference since it was formed, before the 1996–97 season, and dominated it, winning 12 straight conference titles dating back to 2005. Before that, the Jayhawks have belonged to the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association from the 1907–08 to 1927–28 seasons, the Big Six Conference from 1928–29 to 1946–47, the Big Seven Conference from 1947–48 to 1957–58, the Big Eight Conference from 1958–59 up until the end of the 1995–96 season. The Big Six and Big Seven conferences were actually the more often used names of the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association, which existed under that official name until 1964, when it was changed to the Big Eight.Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association (13)
1908, 1909, 1910, 1911, 1912, 1914, 1915, 1922, 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1927Big Six Conference (12)
1931, 1932, 1933, 1934, 1936, 1937, 1938, 1940, 1941, 1942, 1943, 1946Big Seven Conference (5)
1950, 1952, 1953, 1954, 1957Big Eight Conference (13)
1960, 1966, 1967, 1971, 1974, 1975, 1978, 1986, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1995, 1996Big 12 Conference (18)
1997, 1998, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018. The streak of 14 straight Big 12 Championship wins ended in 2019. In 2020, they won a share of the Big 12 championship on Senior's night in Allen Field House.In addition to the 61 Conference Championships, the Jayhawks have also captured 28 Conference Tournament Championships:
1951, 1953, 1956, 1957, 1962, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1968, 1970, 1974, 1977, 1978, 1981, 1984, 1986, 1992, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2013, 2016, 2018Women's basketball
1979 – Big 8 tournament champion
1980 – Big 8 tournament champion
1981 – Big 8 tournament champion
1987 – Big 8 regular season and tournament champion
1988 – Big 8 tournament champion
1992 – Big 8 regular season champion
1993 – Big 8 tournament champion
1996 – Big 8 regular season champion
1997 – Big 12 championBaseball
1921 – MVIAA champion
1922 – MVIAA champion
1923 – MVIAA champion
1949 – Big 7 Conference champion
2006 – Big 12 tournament championSoccer
2004 – Big 12 regular season co-championSoftball
2006 – Big 12 tournament championMen's indoor track & field
1922, 1923, 1934, 1950, 1952, 1953, 1954, 1955, 1956, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1961, 1962, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1975, 1977, 1978, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983Women's indoor track & field
2013Men's outdoor track & field
1910, 1927, 1928, 1930, 1931, 1934, 1946, 1952, 1953, 1954, 1955, 1956, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1963, 1964, 1965, 1967, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1979, 1980, 1982Women's outdoor track & field
2013Men's cross country
1928, 1947, 1948, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1953, 1954, 1955, 1956, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1961, 1963, 1964, 1968, 1969Men's golf
1999Tennis
1979, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 2019Women's volleyball
2016
Kansas has won 11 NCAA team national championships.
Men (10)
Basketball (3): 1952, 1988, 2008
Cross country (1): 1953
Indoor track & field (3): 1966, 1969, 1970
Outdoor track & field (3): 1959, 1960, 1970
Women (1)
Outdoor track and field (1): 2013
The Jayhawks have also won three national championship not awarded by the NCAA:
Men's Bowling (1): 2004 (USBC intercollegiate champions)
Men's Basketball (2): 1922, 1923 (Helms Athletic Foundation)
Kansas State University is Kansas' in-state rival. The series between Kansas and Kansas State is known as the Sunflower Showdown.
The 160-year-old rivalry between Kansas and Missouri began with open violence that up to the American Civil War known as Bleeding Kansas that took place in the Kansas Territory (Sacking of Lawrence) and the western frontier towns of Missouri throughout the 1850s. The incidents were clashes between pro-slavery factions from both states and anti-slavery Kansans to influence whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free or slave state. In the opening year of the war, six Missouri towns (the largest being Osceola) and large swaths of the western Missouri country side were plundered and burned by guerrilla "Jayhawkers" from Kansas. The Sacking of Osceola led to a retaliatory raid on Lawrence, Kansas two years later known as the Lawrence Massacre killing between 185 and 200 men and boys, which in turn led to the infamous General Order No. 11 (1863), the forced depopulation of several western Missouri counties. The raid on Lawrence was led by William Quantrill, a Confederate guerrilla born in Ohio who had formed his bushwhacker group at the end of 1861. At the time the Civil War broke out, Quantrill was a resident of Lawrence, Kansas teaching school.The athletic rivalry began with a football game on October 31, 1891. Currently it is the second longest played series in Division I football and has been described as one of the most intense in the nation. However, no regular season games were scheduled after Missouri accepted an offer to join the Southeastern Conference and Kansas refused Missouri's offer to continue rivalry outside of the conference. In the basketball series Kansas leads by a large margin (172-95 KU), in football Missouri leads by a very small margin (56-55-9 MU) and baseball Missouri leads by a large margin. Regular season games have been scheduled for basketball beginning in 2020 and football in 2025 for the first time since Missouri left for the SEC.
Kansas had a rivalry with the Nebraska Cornhuskers, though that rivalry had more to do with who had the better sports program, with Kansas priding itself on its basketball prowess and Nebraska on its football dominance. This rivalry of sports cultures has gone dormant with Nebraska's departure for the Big Ten Conference in 2011. Prior to 2011, the football series between the 2 schools was the 3rd most played rivalry in college football behind Minnesota-Wisconsin and Kansas-Missouri. In basketball, Kansas leads the all-time series 170–71.
1992–1993 KU became the second NCAA Division I program to send its football team to a bowl game (Aloha Bowl), one of its basketball teams to the Final Four, and its baseball team to the College World Series in the same academic year. The first was LSU in 1985–86.
2007–2008 football and men's basketball seasons, KU amassed a combined 49–4 record (12–1 football, 37–3 basketball), which is the most combined wins ever by an NCAA Division I program, and is also one of only 2 college sports programs to win a BCS Bowl game and a College Basketball National Championship in the same sports season, the other was the 2006–2007 Florida Gators who won the BCS national championship and their second consecutive basketball national championship.
2011–2012 & 2012–2013 basketball seasons, the University of Kansas became the only school in the nation over those two seasons to have their men's and women's basketball teams both qualify for the Sweet 16 both seasons.
This list below is for Olympic medalists, Hall of Famers in their respective sport, or politicians that were athletes at the school. For a more comprehensive list of notable athletes see List of University of Kansas people#Athletes and coaches.
James Naismith also served as athletic director in some fashion in the years prior to Hamilton. Hamilton is the first official athletic director.
General references:
Specific references:
University of Kansas Traditions: The Jayhawk
Kirke Mechem, "The Mythical Jayhawk", Kansas Historical Quarterly XIII: 1 (February 1944), pp. 3–15. A tongue-in-cheek history and description of the Mythical Jayhawk.
Official website
The pygmy marmoset, genus Cebuella, is a small genus of New World monkey native to rainforests of the western Amazon Basin in South America. It is notable for being the smallest monkey and one of the smallest primates in the world, at just over 100 grams (3.5 oz). It is generally found in evergreen and river-edge forests and is a gum-feeding specialist, or a gummivore.
About 83% of the pygmy marmoset population lives in stable troops of two to nine individuals, including a dominant male, a breeding female, and up to four successive litters of offspring. The modal size of a standard stable troop would be six individuals. Although most groups consist of family members, some may also include one or two additional adult members. Members of the group communicate using a complex system including vocal, chemical, and visual signals. Three main calling signals depend on the distance the call needs to travel. These monkeys may also make visual displays when threatened or to show dominance. Chemical signaling using secretions from glands on the chest and genital area allow the female to indicate to the male when she is able to reproduce. The female gives birth to twins twice a year and the parental care is shared between the group.
The pygmy marmoset has been viewed as somewhat different from typical marmosets, most of which are classified in the genera Callithrix and Mico, and thus is accorded its own genus, Cebuella, within the family Callitrichidae.  The biggest threats are habitat loss and the pet trade.
There has been debate among primatologists concerning the proper genus in which to place the pygmy marmoset. An examination of the interstitial retinol binding protein nuclear gene (IRBP) in three marmoset species showed that Callithrix as constructed in the 1990s also needed to include C. pygmaea to be monophyletic, and that the times of separation of pygmaea and the argentata and jacchus species groups from one another are less than 5 million years ago, as might be expected for species of the same genus. However, subsequent separation of the argentata and jacchus species groups into different genera (the argentata group having been moved to Mico) justifies maintaining a separate genus for the pygmy marmoset, as Callithrix is no longer paraphyletic.There are two species described of the pygmy marmoset:
Cebuella pygmaea – Western pygmy marmoset
Cebuella niveiventris – Eastern pygmy marmosetThere are few morphological differences between these species, as they may only differ slightly in color, and they are only separated by geographical barriers, including large rivers in South America.The evolution of this genus diverged in terms of body-mass from typical primates, with a high rate of body-mass reduction. This involves large decreases in pre-natal and post-natal growth rates, furthering the thought that pro-genesis played a role in the evolution of this animal.
The pygmy marmoset is one of the world's smallest primates, being the smallest true monkey, with a head-body length ranging from 117 to 152 mm (4.6 to 6.0 in) and a tail of 172 to 229 mm (6.8 to 9.0 in). The average adult body weight is just over 100 grams (3.5 oz) with the only sexual dimorphism of females being a little heavier. The fur colour is a mixture of brownish-gold, grey, and black on its back and head and yellow, orange, and tawny on its underparts. Its tail has black rings and its face has flecks of white on its cheeks and a white vertical line between its eyes. It has many adaptations for arboreal living including the ability to rotate its head 180 degrees and sharp claw-like nails used to cling to branches and trees. Its dental morphology is adapted to feeding on gum, with specialised incisors that are used to gouge trees and stimulate sap flow. Its cecum is larger than usual to allow for the greater period of time gum takes to break down in the stomach. The pygmy marmoset walks on all four limbs and can leap up to 5 m (16 ft) between branches.
The pygmy marmoset can be found in much of the western Amazon Basin, in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia. The western pygmy marmoset, Cebuella pygmaea pygmaea, occurs in the state of Amazonas, Brazil, eastern Peru, southern Colombia, and north-eastern Ecuador. The eastern pygmy marmoset, C. p. niveiventris, is also found in Amazonas, but also in Acre, Brazil, eastern Peru, and northern Bolivia. The distribution of both subspecies is often limited by rivers. It typically lives in the understory of the mature evergreen forests and often near rivers. Population density is correlated with food tree availability. It can be found between ground level and about 20 metres (66 ft) into the trees but generally does not enter the top of the canopy. It is often found in areas with standing water for more than three months of the year.
This monkey has a specialized diet of tree gum. It gnaws holes in the bark of appropriate trees and vines with its specialized dentition to elicit the production of gum. When the sap puddles up in the hole, it laps it up with its tongue. It also lies in wait for insects, especially butterflies, which are attracted to the sap holes. It supplements its diet with nectar and fruit. A group's home range is 0.1 to 0.4 hectares (0.25 to 0.99 acres), and feeding is usually concentrated on one or two trees at a time. When those become depleted, a group moves to a new home range. Brown-mantled tamarins are generally sympatric with pygmy marmosets and often raid pygmy marmosets' gum holes.Pygmy marmosets have adapted insect-like claws, known as tegulae, to engage in a high degree of claw-clinging behaviors associated with plant exudate exploitation.  Exudate is any material that oozes out of a plant, including gum, sap, resin, and latex. Claw-clinging is primarily used during feeding, but also during plant exudate foraging.
A pygmy marmoset group, ranging from two to nine members, contains one or two adult males and one or two adult females, including a single breeding female and her offspring. Interbirth interval ranges from 149–746 days. In contrast to other callitrichines, there is no relationship between the number of adult males and the number of infants and offspring. However, there is a significant positive relationship between the number of juveniles and the number of adult and sub-adult group members. Young marmosets typically remain in the group for two consecutive birth cycles. The pygmy marmoset uses special types of communication to give alerts and warning to its family members. These include chemical, vocal, and visual types of communication. It is believed to serve to promote group cohesion and avoidance of other family groups.
Infant pygmy marmosets, along with their parents, twin, and other siblings, form cooperative care groups. Babbling, or vocalizing, by the infant marmoset is a key part of its relationships with its family members and is a major part of its development. As the infant develops, the babbling gradually changes to resemble and eventually become adult vocalization. There are many similarities between the development of vocalization in infant pygmy marmosets and speech in infant humans. Vocalizing gives the infant advantages such as increased care and allows the entire family to coordinate their activities without seeing each other.
Siblings also participate in infant care. Infant marmosets require the most attention, so having more family members participating in the care decreases the cost for any individual and also teaches parenting skills to the juvenile marmosets. Members of the group, usually female, may even put off their own reproduction through a temporary cessation of ovulation in order to care for the offspring of others in the group. The ideal number of caregivers for an infant marmoset has been shown to be around five individuals. Caregivers are responsible for finding food for the infants as well as helping the father watch for predators.The pygmy marmoset is a non-seasonal breeder and usually gives birth to twins once or twice a year. However, single births occur 16% of the time and triplet births 8% of the time. The pygmy marmoset is usually monogamous though there is some variation within the species in terms of breeding systems. Polyandry also occurs as male marmosets are responsible for carrying the infants on their backs. Having a second male to carry the offspring can be beneficial as marmoset litters are often twins and decreases the cost to any particular male. The daily range of the pygmy marmoset, however, is relatively small, which decreases the rate of polyandry.Male and female pygmy marmosets show differences in foraging and feeding behavior, although male and female dominance and aggressive behavior varies within the species. Males have less time to search out food sources and forage due to the constraints of their infant caring responsibilities and predator vigilance. Without an infant to carry, female pygmy marmosets have greater freedom to forage, giving them an apparent feeding priority. This priority may serve to compensate mothers for the energetic costs of carrying and lactating for two offspring at a time.  However, the fact that feeding priority is also given to females without offspring weakens the argument. Instead, female feeding priority may have evolved through sexual selection. Females may choose mates who invest more time in infant care and predator vigilance. Such males have less time to look for food, allowing the female feeding priority.
The pygmy marmoset is well known for its communication abilities including an intricate system of calls. The trill is used during feeding, foraging, and when travelling and the group is close together. The J-call is a series of fast notes repeated by the caller and is used at medium distances. Both calls are used as contact calls. The long call is used when the group is spread out over distances greater than ten meters or in response to a neighboring group. The pygmy marmoset uses the trill for short-distance communication, J-calls for intermediate distances, and long calls for long distances; these have respectively decreasing frequencies. Pigmy marmosets interpret these calls not only by type but also, through subtle sonic variance, by individual calling. Research based on audio playback tests shows that calls recorded from different individuals in captivity varied significantly in all seven auditory parameters analyzed for each type of call. Behavioral responses to trills were greatest when the caller was the dominant male of the group. Responses to J-calls were greatest when the caller was the monkey's mate or a same-sex monkey from outside the group. Varying responses to individual callers were only observed when the call was given spontaneously from another animal rather than being played back from a recording, with one exception. That exception was that male monkeys responded to playbacks of their own calls differently from those of other monkeys, when the call was played back from a familiar location. It is thought the pygmy marmoset reacts at first to the type of call that is being made and then adjusts its behavior slightly to react to the specific individual that is making the call. This allows the marmoset to react appropriately to all calls but show some variation when the call gives extra information.Environmental factors play a role in communication by affecting the frequency of the signal and how far the signal can travel and still be audible to communicate the desired message. Since the pygmy marmoset is often found in the rain forest, plant life and the humid atmosphere add to the normal absorption and scattering of sound. Because low frequency calls are affected less by the disturbances than their high frequency counterparts, they are used for communication across longer distances. The pygmy marmoset changes the characteristics of its calls when its social environment is changed. Adult marmosets will show modifications in the structure of their calls which mimic that of their group members. In addition to changes of existing calls, novel calls may be heard from marmosets after pairing.The pygmy marmoset has other ways to communicate information about matters such as the female's ovulatory state. New World monkeys do not show genital swelling during ovulation as female Old World monkeys do. Instead, a lack of female aggression towards males can serve as a signal of ovulation. Scent glands on its chest, anus, and genitals are also rubbed on surfaces which leave chemical signals about the reproductive state of the female. The pygmy marmoset also performs visual displays such as strutting, back-arching, and piloerection when it feels threatened or to show dominance.
They are threatened by habitat loss in some areas of its range, and by the pet trade in others (i.e. Ecuador). Interaction between humans and the pygmy marmoset is associated with a number of behavioral changes in the animal including social play and vocalization, both of which are important to communication between animals in the species. Particularly in areas of heavy tourism, pygmy marmosets have a tendency to be less noisy, less aggressive, and less playful with other individuals. They are also pushed into higher strata of the rainforest than they would normally prefer. Tourism in areas native to the pygmy marmoset is also correlated with increased capture of the animal. Due to its small size and relatively docile nature, captured pygmy marmosets are often found in exotic pet trades. Capture causes even more behavioral variations, including a decrease in both the number and the sound level of vocalizations. Pygmy marmosets can also be found at local zoos, where they exist in groups.
Finger monkeys' (pygmy marmoset) value is associated with them being the smallest primate in the world. New-born pygmy marmosets are usually 5–6 inches (130–150 mm) tall, and weigh from 100 grams (3.5 oz). Although these primates are not in danger of extinction, they are rare to find in the market for purchase. Prices range from $1,000 to $4,000. Generally, a Pygmy Marmoset's life-span is from 15 to 20 years, they are known to have a shorter life in the wild mainly because they fall off of trees.Another expense for these creatures as pets is the necessary essentials in order to maintain them. Creating an environment similar to that of where they are from is important. For food, these creatures as pets are often fed fruits, insects, and smaller lizards. As pets, a baby pygmy marmoset needs to be fed every two hours for at least two weeks. Understanding their natural diet is also important because it helps maintain their good health from the necessary protein, calcium and other nutritional sources they need in order to survive.
In the United States, each state has different regulations when it comes to owning one of these creatures. Another factor that needs to be considered is that a regular veterinarian might not be able to help provide medical evaluations or care; one would need to seek out a veterinarian with a primate specialization. In South America it is illegal to either import or export these creatures. Understanding the laws within those countries is important when it comes to considering owning or taking care of a pygmy marmoset. Many people do not agree that pygmy marmosets should be pets. The argument is usually that they have a longer life-span when they are in good care from a human. However, the UK RSPCA says they should "not be considered as pets in the accepted sense of the word. They are wild undomesticated animals that cannot be house-trained or fully tamed"
Fingerlings, the hit toy of Christmas 2017 produced by WowWee, are based on pygmy marmosets.
Twin albino pygmy marmosets born in Sweden
Primate Info Net Callithrix pygmaea Factsheet
Harvey Spencer Lewis F.R.C., S:::I:::I:::, 33° 66° 95°, PhD (November 25, 1883 – August 2, 1939), a noted Rosicrucian author, occultist, and mystic, was the founder in the USA and the first Imperator of the Ancient and Mystical Order Rosae Crucis (AMORC), from 1915 until 1939.
Lewis was born in Frenchtown, New Jersey, to Aaron Rittenhouse Lewis and a German-born teacher, Catherine Hoffman. He worked in advertising as an illustrator (the modern term commercial artist best describes his line of work), and he used that experience to promote AMORC, through print ads, booklets and magazine illustrations. Lewis first learned of the Rosicrucians through his interest in paranormal phenomena. His membership of a group investigating and exposing more than 50 fraudulent mediums led to the formation of the New York Institute for Psychical Research, of which he was elected president at the age of 20.He later related that he was initiated into a Rosicrucian order during a trip to France. Given the mission to both bring Rosicrucian ideas back to America (an immigrant German group had a settlement in Pennsylvania during the 17th century, but it had long been dissolved), and to promote them in a modern way, Lewis established AMORC, becoming its first Imperator. He translated from French and German what became the Order's first canon of lessons in mysticism, and spent the rest of his life working ceaselessly on AMORC's behalf.
Lewis engineered and supervised the creation of Rosicrucian Park, in San Jose, California, designing its unique buildings - the Egyptian-style temple, the fifth planetarium in the United States, a science laboratory, lecture auditorium, library, and administrative offices. Today his internationally recognised Rosicrucian Egyptian Museum on Naglee Avenue is a popular tourist attraction.
His second wife was Martha. They were married at least by 1917, according to his WW1 draft card, when they were living in Flushing, New York. In 1926, they sailed on the SS Majestic  to Europe and made the first AMORC Grand Tour of Egypt. reported en route in The Mystic Triangle of December 1926.
Among Lewis's prodigious talents was a penchant for audio-visual technology. With a confident voice well suited to public speaking and broadcasting, he had inaugurated talk-back radio and directed a popular children's radio club in Tampa, Florida. In San Jose, one of Lewis's programs, "The Pristine Church", was broadcast from Rosicrucian Park on Sundays, with easy-listening sermons on interfaith and secular topics. His recordings of talks, chants and other items of interest to Rosicrucian students are still in demand by AMORC lodges around the world.
Under his nomen mysticum Sar Alden, Lewis was one of the three directors of FUDOSI (Federatio Universalis Dirigens Ordines Societatesque Initiationis) representing America, Europe and the Orient. That union of the world's authentic initiatic societies aimed to counter plagiarism of their ancient symbols and rituals by remnant groups and rivals. Lewis held a number of earned and honorary ordinations, titles and degrees, many granted in recognition of his goodwill work. His son, Ralph Maxwell Lewis (1904-1987), an accomplished philosopher and author, succeeded him in 1939 as the second Imperator of AMORC. One of Ralph Lewis's many books is the biography of his father, Cosmic Mission Fulfilled.
According to [Michael Nowicki] (F.R.C.)'s Mysterious Inventions of Dr. Lewis page (located at the Rosicrucians Salon Website), H. Spencer Lewis built several scientific devices.They included:
The Luxatone or Color Organ was a device which converted audio signals into colours, displayed on a triangular screen. Dr. Lewis used it to demonstrate mystical and philosophical ideas. The audio signal was input with the aid of a microphone.
A booklet titled "The Story of Luxatone – The Master Color Organ" was printed and sent to AMORC members and to newspapers.
This device was a prototype of a Geiger counter and was built in the 1930s.
The Sympathetic Vibration Harp was built by Dr. Lewis to demonstrate the AMORC's principle of sympathetic vibration.
In addition to his other works, on June 22, 1916 Lewis hosted what was announced as a "transmutation" of zinc into gold – a demonstration of classic alchemical principles, in New York City. A team of AMORC Grand Masters, members, one scientist and one journalist assembled, a chosen few bringing selected ingredients, which were then mixed in a brief procedure. The scientist declared the results to have the "properties of gold", and an account appeared in the American Rosae Crucis. (The ingredients for the gold recipe were not revealed; Rosicrucian Questions and Answers explained that while the necessary materials weren't hard to obtain, transmutation wasn't cost-effective; buying elemental gold was more sensible.)
In 1931 Lewis, under the pen name Wisar Spenle Cerve, wrote a book (published by the Rosicrucians) about the hidden Lemurians of Mount Shasta that a bibliographic note on Mount Shasta described as "responsible for the legend's widespread popularity."
Lewis authored The Mystical Life of Jesus in 1929. The book is notable for defending a variant of the swoon hypothesis that Jesus survived his crucifixion. Lewis plagiarized entire chapters from The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ by Levi H. Dowling.
Rosicrucian Principles for the Home and Business (March 1929)
Explains portions of Rosicrucian teachings and philosophy as related to work and personal goals.
Rosicrucian Questions and Answers with Complete History of the Order
A two-part book: Part One gives the "traditional" history of the Rosicrucian Order, with names and works; Part Two answers common new member and prospective member questions.
The Mystical Life of Jesus
A retelling of the life story of Jesus; reportedly plagiarized Levi H. Dowling's Aquarian Gospel.
The Secret Doctrines of Jesus
An explanation of many symbols, standards, and interpretations of the work of Jesus and the Twelve Apostles.
A Thousand Years of Yesterdays
A fictional story, explaining reincarnation as a man re-experiences past selves.
Self Mastery and Fate with the Cycles of Life
Relates the Cycles of Life system, similar in nature to biorhythm.
An iPhone application for this book is available on the Apple App Store – Self Mastery and Fate iPhone App
Rosicrucian Manual (1918, 1929 with reissues)
Explains the structure of AMORC and includes everything a new Rosicrucian should know.
Mansions of the Soul: The Cosmic Conception
Essays about Life, Death, the Afterlife, and Rebirth.
The Symbolic Prophecy of the Great Pyramid
Presents an interpretation of Egyptian symbology, with old and new ideas discussed.
Mental Poisoning
A rational examination of curses, hexes, and psychic manipulation.
Cosmic Mission Fulfilled, 1966, Lewis, Ralph Maxwell, San Jose, Calif.
Biography of Harvey Spencer Lewis, first Imperator of the Rosicrucian Order (AMORC).
Ralph Maxwell Lewis
Gary L. Stewart
Christian Bernard
Claudio Mazzucco
^ XII° on his burial marker means he was a 12th degree Rosicrucian.
The Mysterious Inventions of Dr. Lewis
Harvey Spencer Lewis in a San Francisco Buddhist Temple – 1929
Black mirrors
Information from the Religious Movements Homepage Project of the University of Virginia
FUDOESI Document from AMORC Netherlands Website which lists the mystical credentials of Harvey Spencer Lewis (F.R.C., S.·.I.·., 33°66°95°)
Self Mastery and Fate with the Cycles of Life iPhone Application
Aum Om Amen Article by Harvey Spencer Lewis
Donja Toponica is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village receives 50 metric tonnes of rainfall each year. It's constantly referred to as a literally quagmire.
The bi-metallic Thailand ten-baht coin is a denomination coin of the Thai Baht, the currency unit of Thailand. 
Like every standard-issue coin in Thailand, its obverse features the King of Thailand, Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun and previously Bhumibol Adulyadej. The newest coin features King Vajiralongkorn's royal monogram on its reverse side while the previous set featured Wat Arun Ratchawararam Ratchawora Mahavihara seen from the Chao Phraya River. 
Ten-baht coin has been used as a commemorative coin for many occasions since 1971. As of March 2012, there are one silver, twenty-three nickel, twenty-three cupronickel and fifty-eight bi-metallic face-valued ten-baht commemorative coin series.
Raised dots corresponding to Braille cell dot 1 and dots 2-4-5, which correspond to the number 10, are at the 12 o'clock position on the reverse of the standard-issue 10-baht coin. Braille enumeration does not appear on coins of other denominations, nor on ten-baht coins frequently issued as commemorative coins (for example, the 50th and 60th Anniversary of Accession to the Throne of King Bhumibol Adulyadej.)
The bi-metallic ten-baht coin is very similar to the two–euro coin, which first minted in 2002, in size, shape and weight and likewise consists of two different alloys. Vending machines that are not equipped with an up-to-date coin-checking system might therefore accept them as €2 coins. This similarity is because both coins are minted on the model of the defunct Italian 500 lire coin, the world's first modern bi-metallic coin. To mint its 10 baht coin in 1988, the Thai government had to be allowed by the Italian mint, which had an international copyright over bi-metallic minting. The 10 baht is a perfect copy of the 500 lire coin even in its alloy, being made of acmonital for the outer ring and bronzital for the centre plug, but slightly larger (26 mm to 25.80 mm) and heavier (8.5 g to 6.8 g).
In 2009, a new series of Thai baht coins were released in circulation. The Ten-baht coin was issued for this series, the difference is the redesign of the portrait of King Bhumibol Adulyadej on the obverse, to reflect his current age. The reverse side remained the same from previous issues.
The Ministry of Finance announced on March 28, 2018 that the first coins featuring the portrait of His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun will be put in circulation on April 6.
1988 ~ 60,200
1989 ~ 100,000,000
1990 ~ 100
1991 ~ 1,380,650
1992 ~ 13,805,000
1993 ~ 10,556,000
1994 ~ 150,598,831
1995 ~ 53,700,000
1996 ~ 17,086,000
1997 ~ 9,310,600
1998 ~ 980,000
1999 ~ 1,030,000
2000 ~ 1,666,000
2001 ~ 2,060,000
2002 ~ 61,180,000
2003 ~ 49,263,000
2004 ~ 38,591,000
2005 ~ 108,271,000
2006 ~ 109,703,000
2007 ~ 161,897,000
2008 (old series) ~ 209,800,000
2008 (new series) ~ 16,750,000
2009 ~ 41,657,733
See information box for standard issue, and see below for commemorative issues.
the 25th Anniversary Celebrations of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej's Accession
Commemoration of Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn's marriage ceremony
Commemoration of Princess Sirindhorn graduated from Chulalongkorn University
Commemoration of Princess Chulabhorn Walailak graduated from Kasetsart University
the 80th Anniversary of Princess Mother Srinagarindra
the 30th Anniversary of The World Fellowship of Buddhists
Commemoration of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej's accession as two times as the King Mongkut
the 50th Anniversary of the Queen Sirikit
the 75th Anniversary of World Scout
the Centenary of Thai Post
the 700th Anniversary of Lai Su Thai (Thai script)
the 84th Anniversary of Princess Mother Srinagarindra
the 72nd Anniversary of Government Saving Bank
the National Years of the Tree 1985-1987, Thailand
the 5th Cycle Birthday of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej
Rajamagalapisek Royal Ceremony
the 6th ASEAN Orchid Congress
Commemoration of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej for Outstanding Leadership in Rural Development
the Centenary of Chulachomklao Royal Military Academy
Commemoration of Princess Chulabhorn Walailak, the researcher princess
the 72nd Anniversary of National Cooperatives
the 36th Anniversary of Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn
the Centenary of Siriraj Hospital
the 72nd Anniversary of Chulalongkorn University
the 90th Anniversary of Princess Mother Srinagarindra
the Centenary of the Siriraj Pattayakorn School
the Centenary of the Comptroller General's Department
the 36th Anniversary of Princess Sirindhorn
the Centenary of Prince Mahidol Adulyadej
the 80th Anniversary of Thai Scout
Commemoration of Princess Mother Srinagarindra for her public health work
the Centenary of Ministry of Interior
the Centenary of Ministry of Justice
Ramon Magsaysay Award: Public Service to Princess Sirindhorn
the Centenary of Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives
the 60th Anniversary of National Assembly of Thailand
the 5th Cycle Birthday of the Queen Sirikit
the 64th Anniversary of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej as the same age as the King Mongkut
the 50th Anniversary of Bank of Thailand
the Centenary of Thai Teacher Education
the Centenary of the Thai Red Cross Society
the 60th Anniversary of Treasury Department
the Centenary of Office of the Attorney General
the Centenary of the King Prajadhipok
the 60th Anniversary of the Royal Institute
the 60th Anniversary of Thammasat Universary
the 120th Anniversary of the Privy Council and the Council of State
FAO's Agricola Medal to the King Bhumibol Adulyadej
the 50th Anniversary Celebrations of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej's Accession
IRRI's International Rice Award Medal to the King Bhumibol Adulyadej
the Centenary of the King Chulalongkorn's Europe visit
Commemoration of the King Nangklao (Nangklao)
the 13th Asian Games
the 6th Cycle Birthday of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej
the Centenary of the General Hospital
the 125th Anniversary of Custom Department
the Centenary of Thai Army Medicare
the 50th Anniversary of Office of the National Economic and Social Development Board
the 80th Anniversary of Ministry of Commerce
the Centenary of Department of Lands
the Centenary of Princess Mother Srinagarindra
the 90th Anniversary of BMA Medical College & Vajira Hospital
the 90th Anniversary of Department of Highways
the Centenary of Royal Irrigation Department
the 60th Anniversary of Department of Internal Trade
the 20th World Scout Jamboree
the 75th Anniversary of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej
the 80th Anniversary of Princess Galyani Vadhana
the Centenary of Inspector General Department, Royal Thai Army
the 90th Anniversary of Government Savings Bank
the 150th Anniversary of King Chulalogkorn
the 11th APEC Summit
the 70th Anniversary of the Royal Institute
the 6th Cycle Birthday of the Queen Sirikit
the Commemorative of Anti-Drug Campaign
the 70th Anniversary of Thammasat University
the Bicentenary of the King Mongkut
the 3rd IUCN World Conservation Congress (Bangkok World Conservation Congress 2004)
the 13th Meeting of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora
the Centenary of Department of Army Transportation
the 72nd Anniversary of Treasury Department
the 72nd Anniversary of the Secretariat of the Cabinet
the 80th Anniversary of Princess Bejaratana
the 25th Asia-Pacific Scout Jamboree
Commemoration of the Blessing and Naming Rites of Prince Dipangkorn Rasmijoti
the 130th Anniversary of Office of the Auditor General of Thailand
the 60th Anniversary Celebrations of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej's Accession
the 150th Anniversary of Prince Chaturonrasmi
the Centenary of Judge Advocate General's Department
Commemorative of WHO's Food Safety Award to the Queen Sirikit
the Centenary of the 1st Cavalry Regiment, King's Guard
the Centenary of Siam Commercial Bank
the 50th Anniversary of the Medical Technology Council
the 24th Summer Universiade
the 75th Anniversary of the Queen Sirikit
the 9th Congress of International Association of Supreme Administrative Jurisdictions
the 80th Anniversary of the King Bhumibol Adulyadej
the 24th SEA Games
the 120th Anniversary of Siriraj Hospital
the 125th Anniversary of Thailand Post
the 50th Anniversary of National Research Council of Thailand
the 84th Anniversary of HRH Princess Bejaratana Rajasuda
the 60th Anniversary of Office of the National Economic and Social Development Board
the 120th Anniversary of The Comptroller General’s Department
the 100th Anniversary of The Fine Arts Department
Attorney General v Blake [2000] UKHL 45, [2001] 1 AC 268 is a leading English contract law case on damages for breach of contract. It established that in some circumstances, where ordinary remedies are inadequate, restitutionary damages may be awarded.
George Blake was a member of the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) from 1944 to 1961. For his employment contract, he had signed an Official Secrets Act 1911 declaration to disclose no information about his work. It applied after his employment ceased. In 1951, he became a Soviet agent, thus, being a double agent. He was discovered in 1961 and the British government imprisoned him in Wormwood Scrubs (HM Prison). He escaped in 1966 and fled to the Soviet Union. He wrote a book about it and his secret services work called No Other Choice. He received a publishing contract for its release in 1989, with Jonathan Cape Ltd. The information in the book was no longer confidential. Blake received advanced payments and was entitled to more. The Crown brought an action for all the profits he made on the book including those that he had not yet received. It argued a restitutionary principle should apply.
Lord Nicholls, Lord Goff of Chieveley, Lord Browne-Wilkinson and Lord Steyn held that in exceptional cases, when the normal remedy is inadequate to compensate for breach of contract, the court can order the defendant to account for all profits. This was an exceptional case. Blake had harmed the public interest. Publication was a further breach of his undertaking of confidentiality. Disclosure of non-confidential information was also a criminal offence under the Official Secrets Act 1911. An absolute rule against disclosure was necessary to ensure that the secret service was able to deal in complete confidence. It was in the Crown's legitimate interest to ensure Blake did not benefit from revealing state information. The normal contractual remedies of damages, specific performance or injunction were not enough, and the publishers should pay any money owing to Blake to the Crown.
Lord Nicholls said the following.
Breach of trust and fiduciary duty
I should refer briefly to breach of trust and breach of fiduciary duty. Equity reinforces the duty of fidelity owed by a trustee or fiduciary by requiring him to account for any profits he derives from his office or position. This ensures that trustees and fiduciaries are financially disinterested in carrying out their duties. They may not put themselves in a position where their duty and interest conflict. To this end they must not make any unauthorised profit. If they do, they are accountable. Whether the beneficiaries or persons to whom the fiduciary duty is owed suffered any loss by the impugned transaction is altogether irrelevant. The accountability of the army sergeant in Reading v. Attorney General [1951] AC 507 is a familiar application of this principle to a servant of the Crown.
Damages under Lord Cairns' Act
I must also mention the jurisdiction to award damages under section 2 of the Chancery Amendment Act 1858, commonly known as Lord Cairns' Act. This Act has been repealed but the jurisdiction remains. Section 2 empowered the Court of Chancery at its discretion, in all cases where it had jurisdiction to entertain an application for an injunction or specific performance, to award damages in addition to or in substitution for an injunction or specific performance. Thus section 2 enabled the Court of Chancery, sitting at Lincoln's Inn, to award damages when declining to grant equitable relief rather than, as had been the practice since Lord Eldon's decision in Todd v. Gee (1810) 17 Ves. 273, sending suitors across London to the common law courts at Westminster Hall.
Lord Cairns' Act had a further effect. The common law courts' jurisdiction to award damages was confined to loss or injury flowing from a cause of action which had accrued before the writ was issued....
The measure of damages awarded in this type of case is often analysed as damages for loss of a bargaining opportunity or, which comes to the same, the price payable for the compulsory acquisition of a right. This analysis is correct. The court's refusal to grant an injunction means that in practice the defendant is thereby permitted to perpetuate the wrongful state of affairs he has brought about. But this analysis takes the matter now under discussion no further forward. A property right has value to the extent only that the court will enforce it or award damages for its infringement. The question under discussion is whether the court will award substantial damages for an infringement when no financial loss flows from the infringement and, moreover, in a suitable case will assess the damages by reference to the defendant's profit obtained from the infringement. The cases mentioned above show that the courts habitually do that very thing.
Breach of contract
Against this background I turn to consider the remedies available for breaches of contract. The basic remedy is an award of damages. In the much quoted words of Baron Parke, the rule of the common law is that where a party sustains a loss by reason of a breach of contract, he is, so far as money can do it, to be placed in the same position as if the contract had been performed: Robinson v Harman (1848) 1 Ex. 850, 855. Leaving aside the anomalous exception of punitive damages, damages are compensatory. That is axiomatic. It is equally well established that an award of damages, assessed by reference to financial loss, is not always 'adequate' as a remedy for a breach of contract. The law recognises that a party to a contract may have an interest in performance which is not readily measurable in terms of money. On breach the innocent party suffers a loss. He fails to obtain the benefit promised by the other party to the contract. To him the loss may be as important as financially measurable loss, or more so. An award of damages, assessed by reference to financial loss, will not recompense him properly. For him a financially assessed measure of damages is inadequate.
The classic example of this type of case, as every law student knows, is a contract for the sale of land....
An instance of this nature occurred in Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd [1974] 1 W.L.R. 798. For social and economic reasons the court refused to make a mandatory order for the demolition of houses built on land burdened with a restrictive covenant. Instead, Brightman J. made an award of damages under the jurisdiction which originated with Lord Cairns' Act. The existence of the new houses did not diminish the value of the benefited land by one farthing. The judge considered that if the plaintiffs were given a nominal sum, or no sum, justice would manifestly not have been done. He assessed the damages at five per cent of the developer's anticipated profit, this being the amount of money which could reasonably have been demanded for a relaxation of the covenant.
In reaching his conclusion the judge applied by analogy the cases mentioned above concerning the assessment of damages when a defendant has invaded another's property rights but without diminishing the value of the property. I consider he was right to do so. Property rights are superior to contractual rights in that, unlike contractual rights, property rights may survive against an indefinite class of persons. However, it is not easy to see why, as between the parties to a contract, a violation of a party's contractual rights should attract a lesser degree of remedy than a violation of his property rights. As Lionel Smith has pointed out in his article Disgorgement of the profits of Contract: Property, Contract and 'Efficient Breach' 24 Can. B.L.J. 121, it is not clear why it should be any more permissible to expropriate personal rights than it is permissible to expropriate property rights.
[...]
The Wrotham Park case, therefore, still shines, rather as a solitary beacon, showing that in contract as well as tort damages are not always narrowly confined to recoupment of financial loss. In a suitable case damages for breach of contract may be measured by the benefit gained by the wrongdoer from the breach. The defendant must make a reasonable payment in respect of the benefit he has gained. In the present case the Crown seeks to go further. The claim is for all the profits of Blake's book which the publisher has not yet paid him. This raises the question whether an account of profits can ever be given as a remedy for breach of contract. The researches of counsel have been unable to discover any case where the court has made such an order on a claim for breach of contract. In Tito v. Waddell (No. 2) [1977] Ch. 106, 332, a decision which has proved controversial, Sir Robert Megarry V.-C. said that, as a matter of fundamental principle, the question of damages was 'not one of making the defendant disgorge' his gains, in that case what he had saved by committing the wrong, but 'one of compensating the plaintiff.' In Occidental Worldwide Investment Corpn. v. Skibs A/S Avanti [1976] 1 Lloyd's Rep. 293, 337, Kerr J. summarily rejected a claim for an account of profits when ship owners withdrew ships on a rising market.
There is a light sprinkling of cases where courts have made orders having the same effect as an order for an account of profits, but the courts seem always to have attached a different label. A person who, in breach of contract, sells land twice over must surrender his profits on the second sale to the original buyer. Since courts regularly make orders for the specific performance of contracts for the sale of land, a seller of land is, to an extent, regarded as holding the land on trust for the buyer: Lake v. Bayliss [1974] 1 W.L.R. 1073. In Reid-Newfoundland Co. v. Anglo-American Telegraph Co., Ltd. [1912] AC 555 a railway company agreed not to transmit any commercial messages over a particular telegraph wire except for the benefit and account of the telegraph company. The Privy Council held that the railway company was liable to account as a trustee for the profits it wrongfully made from its use of the wire for commercial purposes. In British Motor Trade Association v. Gilbert [1951] 2 All E.R. 641 the plaintiff suffered no financial loss but the award of damages for breach of contract effectively stripped the wrongdoer of the profit he had made from his wrongful venture into the black market for new cars.
These cases illustrate that circumstances do arise when the just response to a breach of contract is that the wrongdoer should not be permitted to retain any profit from the breach. In these cases the courts have reached the desired result by straining existing concepts. Professor Peter Birks has deplored the 'failure of jurisprudence when the law is forced into this kind of abusive instrumentalism': see (1993) 109 L.Q.R. 518, 520. Some years ago Professor Dawson suggested there is no inherent reason why the technique of equity courts in land contracts should not be more widely employed, not by granting remedies as the by-product of a phantom 'trust' created by the contract, but as an alternative form of money judgment remedy. That well known ailment of lawyers, a hardening of the categories, ought not to be an obstacle: see 'Restitution or Damages' (1959) 20 Ohio L.J. 175.
My conclusion is that there seems to be no reason, in principle, why the court must in all circumstances rule out an account of profits as a remedy for breach of contract. I prefer to avoid the unhappy expression 'restitutionary damages'. Remedies are the law's response to a wrong (or, more precisely, to a cause of action). When, exceptionally, a just response to a breach of contract so requires, the court should be able to grant the discretionary remedy of requiring a defendant to account to the plaintiff for the benefits he has received from his breach of contract. In the same way as a plaintiff's interest in performance of a contract may render it just and equitable for the court to make an order for specific performance or grant an injunction, so the plaintiff's interest in performance may make it just and equitable that the defendant should retain no benefit from his breach of contract.
The state of the authorities encourages me to reach this conclusion, rather than the reverse. The law recognises that damages are not always a sufficient remedy for breach of contract. This is the foundation of the court's jurisdiction to grant the remedies of specific performance and injunction. Even when awarding damages, the law does not adhere slavishly to the concept of compensation for financially measurable loss. When the circumstances require, damages are measured by reference to the benefit obtained by the wrongdoer. This applies to interference with property rights. Recently, the like approach has been adopted to breach of contract. Further, in certain circumstances an account of profits is ordered in preference to an award of damages. Sometimes the injured party is given the choice: either compensatory damages or an account of the wrongdoer's profits. Breach of confidence is an instance of this. If confidential information is wrongfully divulged in breach of a non-disclosure agreement, it would be nothing short of sophistry to say that an account of profits may be ordered in respect of the equitable wrong but not in respect of the breach of contract which governs the relationship between the parties. With the established authorities going thus far, I consider it would be only a modest step for the law to recognise openly that, exceptionally, an account of profits may be the most appropriate remedy for breach of contract. It is not as though this step would contradict some recognised principle applied consistently throughout the law to the grant or withholding of the remedy of an account of profits. No such principle is discernible.
The main argument against the availability of an account of profits as a remedy for breach of contract is that the circumstances where this remedy may be granted will be uncertain. This will have an unsettling effect on commercial contracts where certainty is important. I do not think these fears are well founded. I see no reason why, in practice, the availability of the remedy of an account of profits need disturb settled expectations in the commercial or consumer world. An account of profits will be appropriate only in exceptional circumstances. Normally the remedies of damages, specific performance and injunction, coupled with the characterisation of some contractual obligations as fiduciary, will provide an adequate response to a breach of contract. It will be only in exceptional cases, where those remedies are inadequate, that any question of accounting for profits will arise. No fixed rules can be prescribed. The court will have regard to all the circumstances, including the subject matter of the contract, the purpose of the contractual provision which has been breached, the circumstances in which the breach occurred, the consequences of the breach and the circumstances in which relief is being sought. A useful general guide, although not exhaustive, is whether the plaintiff had a legitimate interest in preventing the defendant's profit-making activity and, hence, in depriving him of his profit.
It would be difficult, and unwise, to attempt to be more specific....
Lord Woolf, at [1998] Ch 439, 457, 458, also suggested three facts which should not be a sufficient ground for departing from the normal basis on which damages are awarded: the fact that the breach was cynical and deliberate; the fact that the breach enabled the defendant to enter into a more profitable contract elsewhere; and the fact that by entering into a new and more profitable contract the defendant put it out of his power to perform his contract with the plaintiff. I agree that none of these facts would be, by itself, a good reason for ordering an account of profits.
The present case
The present case is exceptional. The context is employment as a member of the security and intelligence services. Secret information is the lifeblood of these services. In the 1950s Blake deliberately committed repeated breaches of his undertaking not to divulge official information gained as a result of his employment. He caused untold and immeasurable damage to the public interest he had committed himself to serve. In 1990 he published his autobiography, a further breach of his express undertaking. By this time the information disclosed was no longer confidential. In the ordinary course of commercial dealings the disclosure of non-confidential information might be regarded as venial. In the present case disclosure was also a criminal offence under the Official Secrets Acts, even though the information was no longer confidential. Section 1 of the Official Secrets Act 1989 draws a distinction in this regard between members of the security and intelligence services and other Crown servants. Under section 1(3) a person who is or has been a Crown servant is guilty of an offence if without lawful authority he makes 'a damaging disclosure' of information relating to security or intelligence. The offence is drawn more widely in the case of a present or past member of the security and intelligence services. Such a person is guilty of an offence if without lawful authority he discloses 'any information' relating to security or intelligence which is or has been in his possession by virtue of his position as a member of those services. This distinction was approved in Parliament after debate when the legislation was being enacted.
[...]
As a footnote I observe that a similar conclusion, requiring the contract-breaker to disgorge his profits, was reached in the majority decision of the United States Supreme Court in Snepp v. United States (1980) 444 U.S. 507. The facts were strikingly similar. A former employee of the Central Intelligence Agency, whose conditions of employment included a promise not to divulge any information relating to the agency without pre-publication clearance, published a book about the agency's activities in Vietnam. None of the information was classified, but an agent's violation of his non-disclosure obligation impaired the agency's ability to function properly. The court considered and rejected various forms of relief. The actual damage was not quantifiable, nominal damages were a hollow alternative, and punitive damages after a jury trial would be speculative and unusual. Even if recovered they would bear no relation to either the government's irreparable loss or Snepp's unjust gain. The court considered that a remedy which required Snepp 'to disgorge the benefits of his faithlessness', was swift and sure, tailored to deter those who would place sensitive information at risk and, since the remedy reached only funds attributable to the breach, it could not saddle the former agent with exemplary damages out of all proportion to his gain. In order to achieve this result the court 'imposed' a constructive trust on Snepp's profits. In this country, affording the plaintiff the remedy of an account of profits is a different means to the same end.
Lord Goff and Lord Browne-Wilkinson agreed. Lord Steyn gave a concurring opinion.
My Lords, it has been held at first instance and in the Court of Appeal that Blake is not a fiduciary. This is not an issue before the House. But, as my noble and learned friend Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead has observed, the present case is closely analogous to that of fiduciaries: compare Reading v. Attorney-General [1951] AC 507. If the information was still confidential, Blake would in my view have been liable as a fiduciary. That would be so despite the fact that he left the intelligence services many years ago. The distinctive feature of this case is, however, that Blake gave an undertaking not to divulge any information, confidential or otherwise, obtained by him during his work in the intelligence services. This obligation still applies to Blake. He was, therefore in regard to all information obtained by him in the intelligence services, confidential or not, in a very similar position to a fiduciary. The reason of the rule applying to fiduciaries applies to him. Secondly, I bear in mind that the enduring strength of the common law is that it has been developed on a case-by-case basis by judges for whom the attainment of practical justice was a major objective of their work. It is still one of the major moulding forces of judicial decision-making. These observations are almost banal: the public would be astonished if it was thought that judges did not conceive it as their prime duty to do practical justice whenever possible. A recent example of this process at work is White v. Jones [1995] 2 AC 207 where by a majority the House of Lords held that a solicitor who caused loss to a third party by negligence in the preparation of a will is liable in damages. Subordinating conceptual difficulties to the needs of practical justice a majority, and notably Lord Goff of Chieveley, at pp. 259G-260H, upheld the claim. For my part practical justice strongly militates in favour of granting an order for disgorgement of profits against Blake. The decision of the United States Supreme Court in Snepp v. United States (1980) 444 U.S. 507 is instructive. On very similar facts the Supreme Court imposed a constructive trust on the intelligence officer's profits. Our law is also mature enough to provide a remedy in such a case but does so by the route of the exceptional recognition of a claim for disgorgement of profits against the contract breaker. In my view therefore there is a valid claim vesting in the Attorney-General against Blake for disgorgement of his gain.
Lord Hobhouse dissented. He asserted that the Crown had no proprietary right to the money and as such had suffered no loss so as to receive restitutionary damages. Instead, compensatory damages, not a full account of profit, were appropriate.
I cannot join your Lordships in that conclusion. I have two primary difficulties. The first is the facts of the present case. The speech of my noble and learned friend explores what is the "just response" to the defendant's conduct. The "just response" visualised in the present case is, however it is formulated, that Blake should be punished and deprived of any fruits of conduct connected with his former criminal and reprehensible conduct. The Crown have made no secret of this. It is not a commercial claim in support of any commercial interest. It is a claim relating to past criminal conduct. The way it was put by the Court of Appeal [1998] Ch 439, 464 was:
"The ordinary member of the public would be shocked if the position was that the courts were powerless to prevent [Blake] profiting from his criminal conduct."
The answer given by my noble and learned friend does not reflect the essentially punitive nature of the claim and seeks to apply principles of law which are only appropriate where commercial or proprietary interests are involved. Blake has made a financial gain but he has not done so at the expense of the Crown or making use of any property of or commercial interest of the Crown either in law or equity.
My second difficulty is that the reasoning of my noble and learned friend depends upon the conclusion that there is some gap in the existing state of the law which requires to be filled by a new remedy. He accepts that the term "restitutionary damages" is unsatisfactory but, with respect, does not fully examine why this is so, drawing the necessary conclusions.
The cross-appeal has to be determined on the basis that the only civil cause of action which the Crown has against Blake is a bare legal cause of action in contract for breach of contract in that he failed in 1989 to observe the negative undertaking which he gave in 1944. As already observed, it is recognised by Blake that the Crown had at the least a good arguable case for the grant of an injunction against him at that time. In other words it was a breach of contract - breach of a negative undertaking - liable to be restrained by injunction, ie specifically enforced.
But the Crown did not apply for an injunction at the time it would have done some good and quite probably stopped the publication of the book. This is the source of the problems for the Crown in achieving its purpose in bringing these proceedings....
The concepts of restitution and compensation are not the same though they will on occasions fulfil the same need. Restitution is analogous to property: it concerns wealth or advantage which ought to be returned or transferred by the defendant to the plaintiff. It is a form of specific implement. Its clearest form is an order for the return or transfer of property which belongs in law or in equity to the plaintiff. Property includes an interest in property. Then there are rights recognised in equity such as those which arise from a fiduciary relationship. These rights give rise to restitutionary remedies including the remedy of account which, depending on the circumstances, could also derive from a common law relationship such as agency. Then, again, there are the rights now grouped under the heading of the law of restitution or unjust enrichment. These are still truly restitutionary concepts leading to restitutionary remedies. Typically they require the payment of money by the person unjustly enriched to the person at whose expense that enrichment has taken place. In so far as the appropriate remedy is the payment of money or the delivery up of a chattel or goods is concerned the common law could provide it; insofar as it required some other remedy or the recognition of an equitable right, the chancery jurisdiction had to be invoked.
The essential of such rights and their enforcement was the procuring by the courts of the performance by the defendant of his obligations. The plaintiff recovers what he is actually entitled to not some monetary substitute for it. If what the plaintiff is entitled to is wealth expressed in monetary terms, the order will be for the payment of money but this does not alter the character of the remedy or of the right being recognised. He gets the money because it was his property or he was in some other way entitled to it. It is still the enforced performance of an obligation. The same is the case where an injunction is granted or a decree of specific performance or the ordering of an account.
It is this class of rights which the Crown is unable to invoke as a result of the judgment of the Vice-Chancellor upheld by the Court of Appeal. There is no obligation of Blake left to perform or which now can be enforced. That time passed with the failure to apply for an injunction in 1989 or 1990. The Crown has no right to an injunction to stop the payment of the royalty to Blake and procure its payment to the Crown instead. The Crown has no right to the royalty and does not now assert one.
The law, including equity, provides extensive and effective remedies for protecting and enforcing property rights. It is no criticism of the law that they are not available now to the Crown. The Crown does not have the substantive rights to support such remedies.
Termination and restitution casesRuxley Electronics & Construction v Forsyth [1996] AC 344
Experience Hendrix LLC v PPX Enterprises Inc [2003] EWCA Civ 323, [2003] 1 All ER (Comm) 830Trusts casesKeech v Sandford (1726) 25 ER 223
Boardman v Phipps, the strict fiduciary duty in English trusts law to have no possibility of a conflict of interest
World Wide Fund for Nature v World Wrestling Federation Entertainment Inc [2007] EWCA Civ 286
Nottingham University v Fischel [2000] EWHC 221 (QB), [2000] IRLR 471, where an employee was held to be under no general fiduciary duty to refrain from undertaking outside private clinic work, but did breach a fiduciary duty where he had directed junior university staff to assist him in that outside work. The latter created a conflict of interest, whereas the former did not since patients would not have used the University's services.
Hospital Products Ltd v United States Surgical Corporation [1984] HCA 64, (1984) 156 CLR 41 (25 October 1984), High Court (Australia), a senior executive of an American company, Mr Blackman, was held liable to pay heavy compensation for breach of contract for copying the invention of the company when he found it was unpatented in Australia. But, the Australian High Court held Mr Blackman (and his company, Hospital Products Ltd) was not liable to disgorge profits unless some "fiduciary" relationship could be identified. Deane J dissented, holding there could be an account of profits. The dissent was approved by P Birks, 'The Content of Fiduciary Obligation' (2000) 34 Israel Law Review 3, 22
Adras Building Material Ltd v Harlow & Jones GmbH [1995] RLR 235, Israel Supreme Court holds a person liable for account of profits after breach of an employment contract
Full text from Bailii
Ambalakindresy is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Ambohimahasoa, which is a part of Haute Matsiatra Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 13,000 in 2001 commune census.Only primary schooling is available. The majority 98% of the population of the commune are farmers.  The most important crops are rice and beans, while other important agricultural products are cassava, sweet potatoes and potatoes. Services provide employment for 2% of the population.
Jack Jones (born 14 February 1992) is a Welsh musician, songwriter and poet. He is the lead singer and guitarist in the alternative rock band Trampolene, and lead guitarist in Peter Doherty and the Puta Madres. He also performs music and spoken word poetry as a solo artist, being the subject of a BBC Radio 4 documentary titled "Another Swansea Poet" broadcast in 2019. He was born in Swansea and currently lives between London, Berlin and Swansea.
Jones is songwriter, guitarist and lead singer in the band Trampolene.
During May 2016, Jack supported Peter Doherty on his UK "Eudaimonia" tour and also played guitar for him. Venues included Glasgow Barrowland Ballroom and two nights at Hackney Empire in London. He also performed at The Libertines secret show at The Boogaloo, London in July 2016.In 2016 he performed solo at Latitude Festival, whose website describes him as a "music icon".In November 2016, the day after Trampolene headlined at Water Rats in London, Jones flew to Argentina to become Peter Doherty's lead guitarist in his band the Puta Madres, for a November/December 2016 tour of Argentina, France and UK. They played two shows for the reopening of Le Bataclan in Paris, followed by a week's tour across France and then Kentish Town Forum in London and Manchester Albert Hall. Jones opened the shows with a solo music and spoken word set, before rejoining the stage as Peter's lead guitarist. He was described in a five star review in The Independent newspaper as "Swansea's finest" and "sickeningly talented".Jones played two solo shows at the end of 2016, Kazoopa Festival, Leeds in November  and This Feeling's New Year's Eve night at Nambucca, London.He played two solo shows at Russell Brand's charity Trew Era Cafe, toured European and South American festivals across Europe in the summer as Peter Doherty's guitarist and a performed a solo acoustic and spoken word set and a DJ set at Glastonbury festival.
In November 2017 Jones was interviewed by Janice Long and played acoustic songs live on her BBC Radio Wales show. He was also featured on the promotional video for Swansea's bid for City of Culture.Jones was featured on "Red Stripe Presents: This Feeling TV" in May 2018.To commemorate Trampolene's appearance at BBC Music's Biggest Weekend in Swansea in May 2018, Jones was featured in a "Wonder Wall" mural of Welsh musicians, by street artist Pure Evil.His debut solo single, the AA side "Swim Up"/"It's Not My Thing" was released on 7 September 2018 and was played regularly on BBC Radio 1, Radio 6 and Radio X. The single was written with and features Mike Moore, who also plays guitar for Liam Gallagher. It's Not My Thing contains the riff from the track DUST by Lions of Dissent who are also credited as the track's composers.
In October 2018 he played instore gigs and signing sessions on a short tour of Japan.In 2019 Jones toured the UK with Peter Doherty and the Puta Madres, followed by a European tour and several festival appearances with them.
He played guitar and sang with Peter Doherty on BBC Radio 4's "Loose Ends", broadcast on 13 April  and on John Kennedy's Xposure show on Radio X, broadcast 30 April 2019.
In addition to his poems being an integral part of Trampolene as a band, Jack Jones also performs spoken word poetry as a solo artist. Dr John Cooper Clarke has described his writing as "...exceptional poetry, funny and depressing at the same time and how often can you say that."The video for Health & Wellbeing (at Wood Green Job Centre) was premiered on The Guardian website, Ketamine was premiered on Vice Noisey on 21 October 2015, Pound Land was premiered on Gigwise on 18 December 2015. Gigwise said of Jack Jones "indie has a new poster boy" in their article "Artists who are going to own 2016". Music business legend and 1965 Records owner James Endeacott described Trampolene as a "great band and their singer Jack is a wonder" when sharing the video for Artwork of Youth on his blog.In 2015, Jones performed his poetry at The Great Escape Festival in Brighton, Stoke Newington Literary Festival and "Bring the Ruckus" at The Albany in London.In January 2016 he was personally invited by Peter Doherty and Carl Barât of The Libertines to perform on their sell-out arena tour. He performed two poems and then welcomed the band to the stage in front of 20,000 fans. In his first feature in the NME he is introduced as "Jack Jones, singer in Welsh indie rockers Trampolene, plucked from life living in the back of his broken-down van to follow in the proud pre-Libs poetry footsteps of none other than Russell Brand." On 7 September 2016 he reprised this role to perform his "To Be A Libertine" poem and introduce The Libertines at Brixton Academy for their Unity Rocks charity show.Jack Jones was the subject of a BBC Radio 4 documentary called "Another Swansea Poet", broadcast on 31 March 2019.
Jones' first fashion shoot was for OutThere Style magazine, published February 2016 and was featured wearing jewellery for Pirate Treasures "Stage Style" collection also in February 2016.Jones' first article for The Guardian was published on 18 March 2016.On 15 June 2016 the NME published a poem Jones wrote for them about the UK's EU Referendum, based on The Clash song "Should I Stay or Should I Go?".
Jones' writing influences include Julian Cope and Dylan Thomas and according to The Musical Manual his spoken word poem Ketamine "shares stark resemblance to workings of punk-poet legend, John Cooper Clarke.". Even the Stars music blog described "Ketamine" as "laced with wit and humour and the other ["Pound Land"] a droll comical observation of modern life based around a visit to Poundland". Jones has been described as a "singer, guitarist and full-on enigma", a "fine poet...With a John Cooper Clarke-esque delivery of his sideways glance into the uglier corners of modern society...wistful and witty poems" and as having "extraordinary stage presence".
The Sound of Perseverance is the seventh and final studio album by American death metal band Death, released on August 31, 1998, by Nuclear Blast. This is the only album to feature guitarist Shannon Hamm, drummer Richard Christy, and bassist Scott Clendenin.
It was a breakthrough album for drummer and later radio star Richard Christy, in the tradition of previous drummers like Gene Hoglan and Sean Reinert. The album features "Voice of the Soul", an instrumental track that contrasts with almost every other work of the band in its inclusion of softer guitars and lack of percussion. In an interview done in March 1999, Chuck Schuldiner stated that the acoustic guitar-driven "Voice of the Soul" was actually written during the Symbolic sessions. Death has produced only two instrumentals (the other being the more electric guitar driven "Cosmic Sea" from Human). The album also featured a cover of Judas Priest's "Painkiller", which shows Schuldiner attempting a different, high-pitched style of death growl more reminiscent of Rob Halford's original vocals and also singing for the first time with a clean voice through the end of the song. All the solos in the song are rewritten.
Some of the song names and music on The Sound of Perseverance were originally going to appear on the first Control Denied album, The Fragile Art of Existence. Schuldiner himself denied this in an interview with Metal Maniacs in 1998 by saying that none of his compositions for Control Denied had been used to fill space for a Death album. Schuldiner implied that some Control Denied songs were used for The Sound of Perseverance in an interview with Scream Magazine in October 1999, when he stated that The Fragile Art of Existence "contains a lot of music I didn't have in mind originally. Most of the material was completed in 1996-97." Also, Tim Aymar, in December 2010, confirmed that a few of the Control Denied songs had been, in his words, "'Deathized' and recorded on TSOP." When Death was signed on to Nuclear Blast, Schuldiner agreed to make one last Death album before moving forward with Control Denied.
"Spirit Crusher" was the single from this album. It featured a music video that was taken from their Live in Eindhoven performance.
Nuclear Blast released a deluxe edition in December 2005. It contains the original album as well as the DVD Live in Cottbus '98 and press pictures. It was also released as a DualDisc.Relapse Records released a second deluxe edition on February 15, 2011. The album was remastered and reissued in deluxe 2-CD and 3-CD formats, with the additional CDs containing unreleased demo material and a revised cover by original cover artist Travis Smith.
The Sound of Perseverance has received critical acclaim and is considered by fans and critics alike as one of Death’s greatest albums. Jason Hundey of Allmusic gave the album a 4.5 star review and described it as "a truly glorious metal release, certainly Death's finest hour, and easily one of the top metal albums of all time". Chronicles of Chaos reviewer Paul Schwarz said the album "excels in all the right places. Great thrashings, technical solos, memorable choruses and clear vocals are the order of the day". He gave it 9/10 stars. About.com reviewed the 2011 reissue of the album and rated it 5 stars.
All tracks are written by Chuck Schuldiner, except where noted.
DeathChuck Schuldiner - vocals, guitar
Shannon Hamm - guitar
Richard Christy - drums
Scott Clendenin - bassAdditional musiciansSteve Di Giorgio – bass on 1997 and 1998 demos
Chris Williams – drums on 1996 demo
Paul Payne – vocals on 1996 demo
Shannon Hamm – vocals on 1996 demoProductionChuck Schuldiner – producer
Jim Morris – producer, engineer, mixing, mastering
Travis Smith – artwork
Jay Speis – art direction, graphic design
Eric Greif – Legal & IP management
Alex McKnight – photography
John Perry Wall (1836-1895) was an American physician, and mayor of Tampa, Florida from 1878 to 1880.
John P. Wall was born in Hamilton County, Florida in September 1836.He was educated by private tutors, began the study of medicine in 1855, and graduated from the College of Charleston in 1858.In 1859 he was a surgeon at Chimborazo Hospital in Virginia, serving Confederate soldiers from Florida during the American Civil War. On a visit to Brooksville, Florida in 1862, he married Pressie Eubanks, the nineteen-year-old  daughter of a wealthy planter.In 1869 he moved to Tampa. In 1871, he contracted yellow fever aboard the steamer H. M. Cool from Cedar Key while treating a cabin boy. He carried the disease to his wife and two-year-old daughter who died within a few days. He devoted his medical career to studying yellow fever and communicable diseases. He also became more of an alcoholic. After agreeing to give up alcohol he was allowed to marry Matilda McKay, daughter of Captain James McKay, in 1872. Tampa crime boss and power broker Charlie Wall was their son.Dr. Wall lived on the site of the Tampa Federal Savings and Loan Bank building. As mayor from 1878 to 1880, he worked to increase maritime trade. He founded the Tampa Board of Trade and the Tampa Chamber of Commerce, serving as its first president. He helped lead construction of the railroad from northeastern Florida to Tampa, the settlement of Vicente Martinez Ybor and a large colony of Cuban and Spanish cigar makers in what is now part of Ybor City, and helped establish the  phosphate industry. He was a delegate at the Florida Constitutional Convention of 1885.
John Perry Wall died from heart failure in Gainesville on April 18, 1895. He is buried at the Oaklawn Cemetery in downtown Tampa.
List of mayors of Tampa, Florida
You Make Me Feel is the third studio album by American rhythm and blues musician Don Bryant. It was released on June 19, 2020 under Fat Possum Records.
You Make Me Feel was met with "universal acclaim" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 83, based on 7 reviews. Aggregator Album of the Year gave the album 80 out 100 based on a critical consensus of 5 reviews.
Bothriechis guifarroi is a species of venomous green palm pitvipers discovered in 2010 in the Texiguat Wildlife Refuge, in Northern Honduras. Bothriechis guifarroi joins two other species of the genus Bothriechis, B. marchi and B. thalassinus, found in Chortís Highlands of Honduras.Its color pattern and scalation is similar to other Honduran palm pitvipers, but genetic analysis reveals it to be more closely related to the B. lateralis and B. nigroviridis species more than 600 km to the southeast, in the mountains of Costa Rica and Panama.
Adult B. guifarroi are brightly colored green, with a yellowish hue towards the ventral side. The juveniles have a green phase and a brown phase, before acquiring the adult coloration. The holotype (adult) measured 734 mm total length, with a tail length of 136 mm.
The population of B guifarroi was found at elevations between 1015 m and 1450 m in western Cordillera Nombre de Dios, inside the Texiguat Wildlife Refuge, Honduras. More specifically, specimens were found in the Premontane Wet Forest and Lower Montane Wet Forest formations of Holdridge.
B. guifarroi has been found in rainforest and cloud forests at elevations above 1000 m.
B. guifarroi was named after Honduran environmental activist Mario Guifarro. Guifarro was killed while on a conservation mission in the Tawahka territory of eastern Honduras in 2007.
The 2013 study describing the species recommended its immediate classification as Critically Endangered due to limited knowledge of its population and distribution, and potential for human reduction or degradation to its habitat. It also recommended immediate consideration for CITES protection, given its likely demand and exploitation by the pet trade.
Kryt, Jeremy (Winter 2012). "The Last Song of Mario Guifarro". The Earth Island Journal. More detailed information about Mario Guifarro, for whom the species is named.
Anna is a German Christmas television series from 1987, very popular in West Germany then and in the surrounding countries.
List of German television series
Anna at IMDb
Alice Hyatt (born Alice Graham in the movie; Alice Spivak in the television series)  is a fictional character in the movie Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore and in the subsequent television series Alice. In the movie, she was played by Ellen Burstyn, who won an Academy Award for the role. In the television series, Alice was played by actress and singer Linda Lavin.
Alice was born and raised in New Jersey. While still young, she marries truck driver Donald Hyatt (Billy Green Bush), whom she meets at a club she was singing at in Newark, New Jersey. They have a son, Tommy (Alfred Lutter). Some time later, Don dies in a trucking accident. Now a widow with a 12-year-old son to care for, she sets off for Monterey, California but her car broke down outside Phoenix, Arizona. She rents an apartment at the Phoenix Palms Apartments, and finds a job as a singer at a nightclub, where she meets a charming younger man named Ben (Harvey Keitel). They date until Alice finds out that Ben is married; when she tries to break it off with him, he threatens to kill her. Frightened, she and Tommy flee to Tucson, Arizona, where she finds a job as a waitress at a greasy spoon called Mel's Diner, which is run by Mel Sharples (Vic Tayback).
She struggles with her new job at first, but eventually gets the hang of it with help from the cynical head waitress, Florence Jean "Flo" Castleberry (Diane Ladd). She also meets local, divorced farmer named David (Kris Kristofferson), and they fall in love. They nearly break up when they get into an argument over their future together, but David ultimately says he loves her and Tommy and wants to spend the rest of his life taking care of them. Alice decides to stay in Phoenix with David, and decides to marry him after making sure it is all right with Tommy.
Burstyn, Ellen. Lessons in Becoming Myself. Penguin, 2007. ISBN 1101217502
Cashmore, Ellis. Martin Scorsese's America. John Wiley & Sons, 2013. ISBN 0745658970
Terrace, Vincent. Encyclopedia of Television Pilots, 1937–2012. McFarland, 2013. ISBN 1476602492
Wernblad, Annette. The Passion of Martin Scorsese: A Critical Study of the Films. McFarland, 2010. ISBN 0786462329
Alice Hyatt at the Internet Movie Database
Chad Zdenek (born 1975 in Northridge, California) was a host of the 2010 television series It's Effin' Science.Zdenek is the eldest of five siblings. He grew up in Los Angeles and resides in West Hills, California. Zdenek's background in engineering began at Loyola Marymount University when he earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering in 1997. After graduation, he worked for Boeing in the Space Shuttle Main Engine group focusing on liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen turbo machinery. He worked there seven years performing structural dynamics analysis, vibration and stress testing, as well as finite element modeling. While working full-time he earned his Master of Science degree in Structural Engineering from the University of Southern California in 1999 and his Master's of Business Administration from University of California, Los Angeles in 2003. In 2007, the G4 network hired Zdenek to be the expert engineer on Human Wrecking Balls. The show aired for two seasons.
In 2019, he became host of Smithsonian Channel's Inside Mighty Machines.
Timothy Goodwin, Godwin or Godwyn (1670?–1729) was an English churchman, who became archbishop of Cashel.
He was born at Norwich, probably about 1670. He began his education at the nonconformist academy of Samuel Cradock, at Geesings, Suffolk. Here he was a classmate in philosophy with Edmund Calamy, who entered in 1686 at the age of fifteen. Goodwin and Calamy were about the same age, and read Greek together in private. At this time he was intended for the medical profession; on leaving Geesings he went to London and lodged with Edward Hulse, M.D., in Aldermanbury. Turning his thoughts to divinity he entered St. Edmund's Hall, Oxford, where he graduated M.A. on 22 January 1697.He was domestic chaplain to Charles Talbot, 1st Duke of Shrewsbury, who took him abroad and gave him the rectory of Heythorpe, Oxfordshire. On 1 August 1704 he was collated to the archdeaconry of Oxford. He accompanied Shrewsbury to Ireland in October 1713, on his appointment as Lord High Steward of Ireland. On 16 January 1714 he was made bishop of Kilmore and Ardagh. He rebuilt the episcopal residence at Kilmore, and made other improvements, two-thirds of his outlay being reimbursed by his successor, Josiah Hort, who also had begun life as a nonconformist. On 3 June 1727 Goodwin was translated to the archbishopric of Cashel, in succession to William Nicholson.
Godwin is specifically thanked by Bernard de Montfaucon in his preface to his edition of the works of John Chrysostom for his good offices in contacting John Potter, the future archbishop of Canterbury, for the establishment of certain texts of that author. He was less responsive to moves for a rapprochement with Gallican circles in France.He died at Dublin on 13 December 1729. He published two separate sermons in 1716, and a third in 1724.
He married Anne Anderson, daughter and co-heiress of Charles Anderson of Worcester. Her sister  Charlotte married Robert Jocelyn, 1st Viscount Jocelyn.
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: "Goodwin, Timothy". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.
The 1999 North Carolina A&T Aggies football team represented North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University in the 1999 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The team was led by head coach Bill Hayes and played their home games at Aggie Stadium in Greensboro, North Carolina, as a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC). The Aggies finished the season 11–2 and 8–0 in MEAC play to win their 10th MEAC football championship. They received the conference's automatic bid to the FCS Playoffs where they lost in the Quarterfinals to Youngstown State. The team's performance earned them their third black college football national championship.
They finished the season 9–3, 6–2 in conference play to finish in 3rd in the MEAC and did not receive an at-large bid for the Division I-AA playoffs.
The 2000 NFL Draft was held on April 15–16, 2000 at The Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City. The following A&T players were either selected or signed as undrafted free agents following the draft.
Al-Tash was a UNHCR-administered refugee camp in Iraq, described as being outside the city of Ramadi in western Iraq. In 2003, it was described as having 13,000 men, women, and children. In 2003, Human Rights Watch visited the camp, finding that some residents had lived there since as early as 1982, when they had been removed from border areas of Iran occupied by Iraq during the Iran–Iraq War.
The Nicaraguan Athletics Federation (FNA; Federación Nicaragüense de Atletismo) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Nicaragua.  Current president is Xiomara Larios.  She was re-elected in December 2012.
FNA was founded in 1954.
FNA is the national member federation for Nicaragua in the following international organisations:
International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF)
North American, Central American and Caribbean Athletic Association (NACAC)
Association of Panamerican Athletics (APA)
Asociación Iberoamericana de Atletismo (AIA; Ibero-American Athletics Association)
Central American and Caribbean Athletic Confederation (CACAC)
Confederación Atlética del Istmo Centroamericano (CADICA; Central American Isthmus Athletic Confederation)Moreover, it is part of the following national organisations:
Nicaraguan National Olympic Committee (CON; Spanish: Comité Olímpico Nacional de Nicaragua)
FNA maintains the Nicaraguan records in athletics.
FNA on Facebook (in Spanish)
Philibert Guinier (21 June 1876 – 3 April 1962) was a French botanist.
Igloo was a New Zealand prepaid pay TV service launched on 3 December 2012. The Pace supplied receiver provides customers access to free-to-air channels through Freeview, and previously a small selection of pay TV channels could be purchased for 30 days. On March 1, 2017 Igloo closed and the receiver was updated to allow viewers to use New Zealand's Freeview television service.
Igloo was founded by Sky Network Television and TVNZ in December 2011. Details were announced on December 8 via a press release. Sky held a 51% share in the venture while TVNZ, the minority shareholder has 49%.  TVNZ later sold their shares back to Sky in 2013 before completely exiting the venture in 2014.Igloo was originally scheduled to start during the first half of 2012, however, they encountered delays and had to push the launch date back to December 2012. The service offered free-to-air HD (via terrestrial), along with pay TV channels provided by Sky, to a set top box being developed by Sky. It used digital terrestrial frequencies owned by Sky previously used for their analogue terrestrial offering (which is no longer offered). Sky was required to make use of the spectrum or it would be taken by the Government.
In July 2016 Sky announced that Igloo will end its transmissions from March 2017. Customers will no longer be able to purchase Igloo Channel Packs, watch Front Row events or Igloo On Demand. Igloo boxes will still be able to receive Freeview channels but without any technical support or the EPG.
The service was targeted at individuals who may not be able to commit to a contract or do not need all of the channels available from the regular Sky pay TV offering.Viewers could order live sport events via pay-per-view on the Front Row channel, as well as stream TV shows and movies using a broadband connection. The device provided by Igloo has the ability to "live pause" when a USB flash drive is inserted (as there is no hard disk drive built into the device). An 8GB flash drive will allow for around 60 minutes of live pause.Pay-channel broadcasting was DVB-T2 256-QAM transport via UHF channel 30 (546 MHz) or 31 (554 MHz). This was separate from the DVB-T 64-QAM transports used by Freeview.
Sky and TVNZ defined a virtual channel ordered that groups channels by importance to the service operator as follows.
General entertainment channels were below 20 which included TVNZ's free-to-air TV One (selected HD), free-to-air TV2 (selected HD), TVNZ Heartland and TVNZ Kidzone24, MediaWorks' free-to-air TV3 (selected HD) and free-to-air Four, free-to-air Prime, Front Row (pay-per-view sports),  News Corporation's National Geographic, Viacom Media Networks channels MTV Hits and Comedy Central, Vibe, BBC Worldwide's BBC UKTV, BBC Knowledge and BBC World News, Food Television and Discovery Communications' Animal Planet.
All other national Freeview channels spilled over from 20 to 29 and 35 and from 50 to 59 which included timeshifted hour delay channels for TV One, TV2, TV3 and Four, government funded Maori TV and Parliament TV, Trackside, ChoiceTV, The Shopping Channel, World TV's Chinese channels CTV8 and TV9 and the Christian channels Firstlight and Hope Channel.
Kordia locally inserted channels were from 30 to 34 which for the Waikato and Bay of Plenty is tvCentral, for Rotorua are TV Rotorua and Info-Rotorua, for Auckland is TV33 and for Whangarei is Channel North.
Freeview audio only radio channels were from 36 to 39 which includes BaseFM.
Subscription television in New Zealand
List of free-to-air channels in New Zealand
Official site.
Immanuel Lutheran Church is a historic church at 1448 Cortlandt Street in Houston, Texas.
It was built in 1932 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Grove Township is a township in Taylor County, Iowa, USA.
Grove Township was established in 1870.
The Cayo Agua Formation is a geologic formation in Panama. It preserves fossils dating back to the Pliocene period.
Aphera trophis
Cancellaria axelolssoni, C. isabelae
Diaphus depressifrons
Umbrina bananensis, U. sublima
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Panama
Orangel A. Aguilera; Werner Schwarzhans; Philippe Béarez (2016). "Otoliths of the Sciaenidae from the Neogene of tropical America". Palaeo Ichthyologica. 14: 7–90.
Bernard Landau; Richard E. Petit; Carlos M. Da Silva (2012). "The Family Cancellariidae (Mollusca: Gastropoda) in the Neogene of the Bocas Del Toro Region, Panama, with the description of seven new species". Journal of Paleontology. 86 (2): 311–339. doi:10.1666/11-070.1.
Werner Schwarzhans; Orangel Aguilera (2013). "Otoliths of the Myctophidae from the Neogene of tropical America". Palaeo Ichthyologica. 13: 83–150.
William John Cooper (November 24, 1882 – September 19, 1935) was an American educator who served as US Commissioner of Education from February 1929 to July 1933.
According to the New York Times: "His fundamental theory of education, which he often repeated, was that the ultimate goal of teaching should be, not how to make a living, but how to live. Nevertheless, he believed that the system of education in this country should break away from the older traditions of Europe and seek to express the cultural developments of the New World. In one of his last public addresses Dr. Cooper urged a complete reorganization of the education system in this country to bring the schools into closer harmony with modern conditions."
William John Cooper was the son of William James Cooper, who immigrated to the US from Sydney, Australia, and Belle Stanley (Leary) Cooper. Miss Leary was from San Francisco. They were married on February 22, 1882 in Sacramento, California, where William John was born. William James Cooper was a house painter and moved the family to Cottonwood, California near Red Bluff where William John was then enrolled in high school.
He obtained his bachelor's (A.B. degree, 1906, dual major in Latin and history) and master's (M.A. degree, 1917, double major in education and history) degrees from the University of California.As a senior at the University of California in Berkeley, William John Cooper worked as an assistant in the Department of History. He also taught summer session class at the University of California in 1919, 1920, 1924, 1926, and 1927, and also a summer session class at the University of Oregon in 1923. He was a part-time instructor at Johns Hopkins University in the spring of 1932.
He began his career as a high school teacher of Latin and History in Stockton, California from 1907 to 1910, then directed history teaching in Berkeley, California for four junior high schools and one senior high school, as head of the Department of History of Berkeley High School from 1910 to 1915. From 1915 to 1918 he supervised social studies instruction for Oakland public schools. He worked for the US War Department for eighth months from 1918 to 1919 in education and training. He served as the district superintendent of schools in Piedmont, California from 1918 to 1921, and the city superintendent of schools in Fresno from 1921 to 1926. According to Cooper's 1935 obituary in the Fresno Bee: "[Cooper] put into operation [in Fresno] a system which was considered one of the most efficient in the state. Fresno's public schools to-day are operating largely upon the basis laid down by Cooper in his five-year term as superintendent. He instituted wide reform of the curriculum and directed an $1,800,000 school building program." He also taught as a part-time instructor at Fresno State Teachers College from 1923 to 1926.He served as superintendent of schools in San Diego in 1926, and was then appointed by Governor Young to be California State Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1927. He served in that position until February 1929, when US President Calvin Coolidge appointed him to be the Eighth United States Commissioner of Education. His nomination was confirmed by the Senate during the fourth week of January, 1929. He was re-appointed by President Herbert Hoover and served in the first four months of the Franklin Roosevelt administration, serving in total from February 11, 1929 to July 10, 1933. At the time Cooper served, the US Commissioner of Education was not a cabinet-level position. Cooper reported to the United States Secretary of the Interior. Ray Lyman Wilbur was Secretary of the Interior during the Hoover administration. Wilbur served concurrently as President of Stanford University. It was possibly Wilbur who suggested to President-elect Hoover that Cooper be appointed to the Commissioner of Education position. Hoover was a graduate of Stanford University.According to Cooper's biography listed in Dictionary of American Biography: "As commissioner Cooper sponsored certain important investigations: a national survey of secondary education, national survey of the education of teachers, and a national survey of school finance which was cut short by the depression. To the national office he added the post of assistant commissioner and specialists in comparative education, tests and measurements, radio education, and the education of Negroes and exceptional children. He was the author of Economy in Education (1933) and published many papers in professional journals. During his commissionership he was in demand as a speaker, delivering 229 written addresses and numerous others extemporaneously."In 1933, Cooper resigned the position of US Commissioner of Education without giving a reason and became a professor at George Washington University in the District of Columbia. He also taught as a lecturer in education at the University of Michigan in the summer of 1935.As explained by Frederik Ohles, et al.: "Cooper held that the time had come for education in the United States to end its dependence on European traditions and that it was necessary to create a new manner of education rooted in the culture of the New World. As the nation's commissioner of education, he called for consolidation of rural school districts and for greater guidance of schools by the states. He inaugurated surveys of educational practices in high schools nationwide, of teacher education, and of school finance."
Although Cooper did not achieve an earned doctorate, he received nine honorary degrees during his career, including an honorary Doctor of Laws degree (LL.D.) from Whittier College in 1927, an honorary doctorate in education (Ed.D.) from the University of Southern California in 1928, and honorary doctor of laws (LL.D.) degrees from Detroit City College in 1929, Birmingham Southern College in 1930, and Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania in 1931. He received an honorary Doctor of Litt. from Rhode Island State College in 1931, an honorary Doctor of Science in Education by George Washington University in 1931, and an honorary Ph.D. from the New York State Teachers College also in 1931. He also received and honorary LL.D. from Dickinson College in 1932. As president of the senior class, he was selected to give a student address at the commencement ceremony at the University of California (Berkeley) in 1906. He served as a Regent of the University of California from 1927 to 1929. He graduated with honors as a member of the Class of 1902 at Red Bluff High School in Red Bluff, California. In 1922, as Superintendent of Fresno City schools, Cooper worked on a plan to establish "intermediate schools," which would be attended by students of ability canvased from the existing elementary schools (grades 1 to 6). Later, in 1959, a junior high school in Fresno, California was named after him.
He was a member of the Federal Board for Vocational Education from 1930 to 1933, as well as the District of Columbia Commission on Licensure from 1930 to 1933. He was a member of the National Education Association (NEA) and also a member of the Department of Superintendence of the NEA. He was a member of the National Society for the Study of Education and also served as director and president of the Bay and Central sections of the California Teachers Association. He was a member of the A.A.A.S., as well as the American Academy of Political and Social Science, and was also a member of Kappa Phi Kappa, Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Delta Kappa and Alpha Sigma Phi. He was president of the Federal Schoolmen's Club  in 1930-1931. Volumes 16 (for 1930-31) and 17 (for 1932-33) of Marquis' Who's Who in America (but not Volume 18 for 1934-35) list Cooper as being a member of the Cosmos and Torch clubs, as well as being a Republican. In 1911 he was a member of the American Historical Association. In 1929 Cooper oversaw the functioning of the Advisory Committee on Education by Radio, which was set up per the request of the Interior Secretary.
He suffered a stroke while riding as a passenger in an automobile on September 10, 1935 and died nine days later on September 19, 1935 in Kearney, Nebraska, after having finished teaching a summer school course at the University of Michigan.William John Cooper became engaged to Edna Curtis of Sacramento 10 days before the San Francisco earthquake of 1906, and they were married on Aug. 19, 1908. They had three children: William Curtis Cooper (1909–1987), Elizabeth Fales Cooper (1912–1988), and John Stanley Cooper (1918-2011).Cooper's widow, Edna Cooper, died on Saturday, September 15, 1956 in Oakland, California, after an illness of seven weeks.
Cooper, William John. 1906. Commencement address. University of California (Berkeley)
Cooper, William John. 1915. Berkeley Public Schools—Courses in History. History Teacher Magazine, VI (Dec.), pp. 328–330. Google Books
Cooper, William John. 1917. The teaching of Civics. Thesis (M.A.)--University of California (Berkeley).
Cooper, William John. 1928. Commencement address. Polytechnic High School, Long Beach, California
Cooper, William John. 1929. Address before the National Education Association's Department of Superintendence in Cleveland, Ohio (First official speech as US Commissioner of Education). Brief mention, with photo, in The Rotarian, May 1929, p. 19,  Google Books. Brief mention: "Education: Commissioner Cooper," Time magazine, March 4, 1929
Cooper, William John. 1929. Address to the American Library Association. Brief mention: National Library of Education webpage
Cooper, William John. 1929. Some Advantages Expected to Result from Administering Secondary Education in Two Units of Four Years Each. The School Review (May, 1929), vol. 37, no. 5, pp. 335–346
Cooper, William John. 1929. Address before the National Education Association (N.E.A.) conference in Atlanta, Georgia, July 1929. Brief mention: Time magazine, July 8, 1929.
Cooper, William John. 1929. Some Opportunities for the Junior College. In: Proceedings of the Tenth Annual Meeting of the American Association of Junior Colleges, Atlantic City, New Jersey, November 19–20, 1929, pp. 87–94. Google Books
Cooper, William John. 1929. Address. In: Proceedings of the twenty-fifth anniversary conference of the National Child Labor Committee, held in New York city December 16–17, 1929. New York, National Child Labor Committee, 1930
Cooper, William John. 1930. Commencement address. Myrtilla Miner Teachers College, June 19, 1930.
Cooper, William John. 1930. Commencement Address--"Is Teaching a Profession?". State Teachers College, Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, May 27, 1930
Cooper, William John. 1930. Address before the National Congress of Parents and Teachers, Denver, Colorado. Brief mention in: Child Welfare--The PTA Magazine, Vol. 25, 1930, p. 50.
Cooper, William John. 1930. Address before the second Regional Conference on Home Making, held at Ames, Iowa, November 1930. In: A symposium on home and family life in a changing civilization: addresses delivered at the second Regional Conference on Home Making, held at Ames, Iowa, November 10 and 11, 1930. Bulletin (United States. Office of Education), 1931, no. 5.
Cooper, William John. 1930. New Responsibilities of Citizenship. Barnwell address given in Philadelphia
Cooper, William John. 1931. "Education as a Vocation," address given at American University, March 5, 1931
Cooper, William John. 1931. Address at the dedication of San Diego State College, May 1931. Brief mention: Google Books
Cooper, William John. 1931. Commencement address. George Washington University, June 10, 1931
Cooper, William John. 1931. Commencement address. American University. June 1, 1931
McNeely, John; Ray Lyman Wilbur; and William John Cooper. 1932. Faculty inbreeding in land-grant colleges and universities, Washington DC: US Government Printing Office
Cooper, William John. 1932. Commencement address. Sixty-eighth Commencement, Gallaudet College, Tuesday, June 7, 1932, Washington, District of Columbia. Excerpt: "You who of today go out of this college, go out into a world which is less hospitable to college graduates than usual."
Betts, Gilbert L; Benjamin W Frazier; Guy C Gamble; William John Cooper. 1932. Selected bibliography on the education of teachers. United States. Office of education. Bulletin, 1933, no. 10, vol. I
Cooper, William John. 1932. The Third Commission: International Justice and Education. World Affairs, Vol. 95, No. 1 (June 1932), p. 67
Cooper, William John. 1932. "Military Training" (editorial), The Washington Post, Jul 1, 1932, p. 6
Cooper, William John. 1932. Our Attitudes Toward Latin America Our Attitudes Toward Latin America, World Affairs, Vol. 95, No. 2 (September 1932), pp. 103–104
Cooper, William John. 1932. Nationwide radio address, given at Alexandria, Virginia, December 14, 1932. Printed in: School Life, Vol. 18, No. 5.
Cooper, William John. 1933. The Office of Education. The Scientific Monthly (February 1933), Vol. 36, No. 2, pp. 121–130
Cooper, William John. 1933. Our Age: Some Implications for Education, The Phi Delta Kappan, Vol. 15, No. 6 (Apr., 1933), pp. 161–164, 175
Evenden, E.S.; William John Cooper. 1933. Summary and interpretation, U.S. Office of Education. Bulletin, 1933, no. 10. vol. VI
Cooper, William John. 1933. Economy in Education (School Economy Series, Ray Lyman Wilbur, General Editor). Stanford, California: Stanford University Press.
Packard, Bertram E., Ben G. Graham, E. W. Newton, Ralph T. Fisher, R. J. Gorman, Bruce A. Findlay, Howard Pillsbury, W. R. Herstein, William John Cooper, Walter H. Maloney, Daisie L. Short, R. V. Jordan, Willard E. Givens, Richard M. Tobin, Lee H. Driver, Vierling Kersey. 1933. What Are the Practical Values of Music Education? What Are the Practical Values of Music Education? Music Supervisors' Journal, Vol. 19, No. 4 (Mar., 1933), pp. 57–60
Cooper, William John. 1933. Address before the Woman's Club of Chevy Chase, January 21, 1933. Excerpt: "We must look at education not as a money return, but to be had as a means to live more fully."
Cooper, William John. 1933. Address before the American Association of University Women, May 12, 1933.
Cooper, William John. 1934. Address before the Takoma Park Home and School Association, April 24, 1934.
Cooper, William John. 1934. Address before the Bethesda Chevy Chase Parent-Teacher Association, October 3, 1934.
Cooper, William John. 1935. Commencement address. Harrisonburg State Teachers College, June 10, 1935.
Cooper, William John. 1935. Commencement address. James Madison University, June 10, 1935, Harrisonburg, Virginia.
Photograph of William John Cooper, circa 1918.
Robert Harold Walston (October 17, 1928 – October 7, 1987) was an American football wide receiver and placekicker in the NFL for the Philadelphia Eagles.  He played college football at the University of Georgia and was drafted in the 14th round of the 1951 NFL Draft. From 1966 to 1967, he coached receivers and kickers for the Miami Dolphins.
Walston doubled as receiver and kicker for the Eagles for 12 seasons. His best receiving season was in 1954, when he caught 41 passes for 750 yards, garnering 18.3 yards per reception, scoring five touchdowns. The next season, he would have only 581 yards on 31 receptions, but he scored 11 touchdowns as the Eagles once again went 7-4-1. He also scored 114 points during the season, the most in the NFL that season and most by an Eagle until 1984. His best kicking season was in 1957, when he made 75% of his field goals and was 1st in percentage in the league, with 9 of 12 field goals made. Despite this, his Eagles went 4-8. But three seasons later, they had made a resurgence in 1960, and Walston went 14 out of 20 in field goal kicking (70 percent) and was first in the league once again, with 39 out of 40 in extra points as the Eagles made their first playoff appearance since 1949. In his lone playoff appearance, he caught 3 passes for 38 yards while making a 17-yard field goal and two extra points as the Eagles won the 1960 NFL Championship Game, their first title since 1949. In his final season, the Eagles finished 3-10-1. He caught four touchdowns that seasons, his most since 1954, although his kicking game declined, as he had his second worst kicking percentage. Even after over 50 years, he still holds the all-time Eagles record for points scored, with 881.
After working in the front office with the Eagles for a few years, he became the special teams coach of the Miami Dolphins for their inaugural 1966 season and the 1967 season. He also served as a personnel director for the Chicago Bears from 1968-1975, overseeing the drafting of college players along with scouting, and being an assistant to Bears president George Halas, Jr. He resigned on December 7, 1974, after Jim Finks became general manager. He later served as a scout for the Edmonton Eskimos in the Canadian Football League, from 1978-1980 and scouted for the United States Football League from 1983-1985. Walston is one of only four players named to the National Football League 1950s All-Decade Team not yet inducted in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Walston died just 10 days before his 59th birthday, on October 7, 1987 at Alexian Brothers Medical Center, Elk Grove Village. Twenty-seven years after his death, he was named to the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the Eagles Hall of Fame on September 22, 2019.
NY Times
Bobby Walston at Find a Grave
Winding around the inferior cerebellar peduncle in the lower part of the fourth ventricle, and crossing the area acustica and the medial eminence are a number of white strands, the medullary striae, which form a portion of the cochlear division of the vestibulocochlear nerve and disappear into the median sulcus.: stria medullaris are axons of arcuate neurons. Courses in the floor of the fourth ventricle. Joins the restiform body to reach the cerebellum.
This article incorporates text in the public domain from page 800 of the 20th edition of Gray's Anatomy (1918)
Diagram at UMich
Plymouth Civic Centre is a former principal administrative centre of Plymouth, Devon, England. Opened in 1962, the building was used by Plymouth City Council until it was sold for development in 2015. It has been Grade II Listed since 2007.
As part of the post-war plans to rebuild the city, Plymouth's Civic Centre was designed by city architect Hector Stirling. Although his design was approved in 1957, the architects Jellicoe, Ballantyne & Colleridge were given authority to make amendments to his design. As a result, some aspects of the centre was changed, but Stirling's general layout and concept remained.In January 1958, excavation work commenced by Messrs Richard Costain. In August that year, Messrs Staverton Builders Ltd began the foundation and substructure work. The construction of the adjoining Council House began in November 1959 by Messrs Humphreys Ltd. Although financial problems raised concern over whether the tower building would be finished, the Civic Centre was completed in 1962. The building was handed over to the council, having cost £1,600,000 to build, on 21 March 1962. Queen Elizabeth II officially opened the building on 26 July 1962.The Civic Centre became Plymouth's main administrative centre. For the first time, all of the city's municipal departments were housed together. Before the war, the council had used various offices throughout the city. By the 21st century, Plymouth City Council felt the building was becoming too expensive to maintain and inadequate for their needs. Plans to demolish the building were scrapped when the building became Grade II Listed in June 2007. The council then began looking at possible future uses for the building.In 2013, plans for the tower to become a hotel were announced, with the Akkeron Group set to purchase the building. However, the purchase did not come to fruition and in 2015, the tower was eventually sold to developers Urban Splash for £1. In 2014, council staff began to vacate the building, with the last of the staff having left in 2015. The council has retained the adjacent Council House, while the tower awaits redevelopment. In January 2020 Urban Splash presented plans to convert the tower for residential use creating 144 apartments.
The Civic Centre is a fourteen-storey tower block, with a 'butterfly' roof canopy and an attached two-storey block to the north. The tower housed the offices of the various municipal departments. The top storey of the tower was originally the Rooftop Restaurant, which was open to the public and closed in 1975. The adjoining two-storey building Council House has a number of committee rooms, a council chamber, reception room and the Lord Mayor's suite. The members' entrance to the Council House contains a mural depicting local scenes painted by Mary Adshead in 1962.
J. Reagor Motlow (February 15, 1898 – March 12, 1978) was an American businessman, politician, landowner and philanthropist. He was the owner of the Jack Daniel's distillery. He served as a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives and the Tennessee Senate. He donated the land upon which the campus of Motlow State Community College and the public library in Lynchburg were built.
Motlow was born in 1898 in Moore County, Tennessee. His father, Lem Motlow, was the owner of Jack Daniel's, the whiskey distillery. His great-uncle was Jack Daniel. He graduated from Vanderbilt University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in 1919.
Motlow began his career working for a mill in Union City, Tennessee in the 1920s. He joined his family business, Jack Daniel's, as executive vice president from 1938 to 1947, and he served as its president from 1939 to 1963. When it was acquired by Brown–Forman in 1956, Motlow served on the company's board of directors.Motlow served as a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives and the Tennessee Senate, retiring in 1976. During his tenure, he approved the construction of many public buildings in Downtown Nashville, including the James K. Polk State Office Building, and he supported funding for education and libraries.Motlow was a landowner in Moore County. He donated the land on which the public library in Lynchburg and the campus of Motlow State Community College were built. He also served on the Board of Trust of his alma mater, Vanderbilt University.
Motlow married Jeanie Garth in 1928.Motlow died on March 12, 1978 in Tullahoma, Tennessee.
All Things Betray Thee, by Gwyn Thomas, is a novel of early industrialism in South Wales. It was first published in 1949, and was republished in 1986, with an introduction by Raymond Williams. The book was later republished as part of the Library of Wales series by Parthian Books in 2011.Set in 1835, this work is significantly different from most of Gwyn Thomas's work.  It is both a personal story and an account of the origin of the industrialised and mostly English-speaking society of the South Wales Valleys.
Set in the new town of Moonlea, a fictionalised version of Merthyr Tydfil, it is told from the viewpoint of a travelling harpist, Alan Hugh Leigh, who is looking for his friend, the singer John Simon Adams.  But his friend has become a populist leader among the ironworkers, who are involved in a bitter industrial conflict.
Rachel Trezise describes it as "an emblematic account of the 1831 Merthyr Rising".
Very Mean Men  is a 2000 American crime-comedy film directed by Tony Vitale and starring Matthew Modine, Ben Gazzara, Martin Landau, Scott Baio, Burt Young, and Paul Ben-Victor.
The film entered the competition at the 2000 Seattle International Film Festival, in which it won the New American Cinema Award for best editing.
Matthew Modine as Bartender
Ben Gazzara as Gino Minetti
Martin Landau as Mr. White
Scott Baio as Paulie Minetti
Burt Young as Dominic Piazza
Paul Ben-Victor as Jimmy D.
Billy Drago as Dante
Charles Durning as Paddy Mulroney
Louise Fletcher as Katherine Mulroney
Jack McGee as Jocko Mulroney
Patrick Renna as Donny Mulroney
Idalis DeLeón as Argentine
Leigh-Allyn Baker as Mary
Charles Napier as Detective Bailey
Joe Lara as Detective Miller
Lana Parrilla as Teresa
Tony Vitale as Night Bartender
Very Mean Men at IMDb
Nompumelelo Ntuli Zuma is the former First Lady of South Africa, and is the second current wife in a polygamous marriage with Jacob Zuma, the former President of South Africa.
Zuma’s fourth marriage and second current wife, Nompumelelo Ntuli (MaNtuli) is the mother to three of his children, before she married him in 2008 at a traditional ceremony which received plenty of media attention in the run-up to Zuma’s bid for the presidency. She has three children: Manqoba Kholwani, Sinqobile, Thandisiwe. 
In 2015, it was alleged she was part of a plot to poison her husband, then-president Jacob Zuma. In result, she was banned from the Nkandla homestead.
William Herman Rau (January 19, 1855 – November 19, 1920) was an American photographer, active primarily in the latter half of the 19th and early 20th centuries.  He is best remembered for his stereo cards of sites around the world, and for his panoramic photographs of sites along the Pennsylvania Railroad.  He was official photographer of the St. Louis World's Fair in 1904, and of the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition in Portland in 1905.  His work is now included in the collections of the Smithsonian Institution and the Getty Museum.
Rau was born in Philadelphia in 1855, the son of German and Swiss immigrants Peter and Mary Witschi Rau.  His older brother, George, operated a photography studio out of the Rau house,  and William picked up the trade while still young.  At the age of 13, he started doing photographic work for his future father-in-law, William Bell, who was a medical and survey photographer for the federal government.
In 1874, with Bell's recommendation, Rau joined an expedition to Chatham Island in the South Pacific to photograph the Transit of Venus.  Sailing along the sloop Swatara, Rau photographed some of the world's most remote places while on this expedition. He was less successful in capturing the transit itself, however, after his tent caught fire, and cloudy skies obscured most of the transit. None of Rau's photographs of the transit were sharp enough to be of use to scientists.After returning, Rau joined the Centennial Photographic Company, which had been set up by photographer and publisher Edward L. Wilson to conduct photographic work for Philadelphia's Centennial Exposition of 1876. After the exposition, he joined his father-in-law's stereo card studio, which he purchased in 1878. He operated this studio in partnership with his brother, George, until 1880.In 1881, Rau joined Wilson on an expedition to the Middle East. He photographed numerous sites in Egypt, Palestine, and Damascus, and captured some of the earliest photographs of the ruins of Petra. The expedition spent 45 days in the desert at one point, and Rau recalled being constantly threatened, harassed, and robbed by locals. The expedition ascended Mount Sinai, but was unable to capture any photographs due to poor lighting.
Upon returning, Rau went to work full-time for Wilson's magazine, Photographic Journal of America. In 1885, he left Wilson's company and set up his own studio in Philadelphia, initially located on Chestnut Street, but later moved to South Camac Street. He operated this studio for the remainder of his life, producing stereo cards, lantern slides, and silver prints. In 1886, Rau made the first of several trips to Europe, photographing sites in Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, France and Italy. In 1889, he accompanied travel writer John Lawson Stoddard on a tour of Mexico.Rau was hired by the Lehigh Valley Railroad to photograph scenic views along the railroad's route in 1891, and became the railroad's official photographer in 1895. He spent a significant portion of the 1890s doing photographic work for both the Lehigh and the Pennsylvania Railroad, and published collections of his railroad photos in 1892 and 1900.Rau complemented his landscape and travel photographs with event photographs.  Notable events he covered included the Spanish–American War in 1898, the Klondike Gold Rush in the late 1890s, the funeral of President William McKinley in 1901, the eruption of Mount Pelée in 1902, the funeral of Admiral William T. Sampson in 1902, the America's Cup race of 1903, the Great Baltimore Fire of 1904, the inauguration of President Theodore Roosevelt in 1905, and the arrival of the RMS Olympic in New York Harbor in 1911. He was also the official photographer for the St. Louis World's Fair in 1904 and the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition in Portland the following year.With the rise of the Photo-Secession in New York in the 1900s, Rau, like many commercial photographers, gradually fell into obscurity. He died at his home in Philadelphia on November 19, 1920.
Rau's photographs span a wide range of topics in places around the world.  Cities photographed by Rau include New York City, Paris, Moscow, Cairo, Tokyo, Naples, Nablus, St. Pierre, Martinique, Butte, Montana, and his native Philadelphia.  Individuals who posed for portraits for Rau include Theodore Roosevelt, Admiral George Dewey, poet Edwin Markham, Apache chief Geronimo, and Sioux chiefs Luke Little Hawk and Lone Elk.  Rau's panoramic subjects include Niagara Falls and Hemlock Lake, and the cities of Rochester and Buffalo in New York and Easton in Pennsylvania.In an 1884 article, Rau stated that he preferred cameras with Euryscope lenses and  cherry or mahogany cases, oxalate-developed plates, and a Loring finder (for capturing moving subjects). His photographs were typically sold as stereo cards or lantern slides, the latter of which Rau described as the most "pleasurable" branch of photography. For his railroad company panoramics, he used a modified Moessard camera with a Ross 15-inch (380 mm) portable symmetrical lens, 18-inch (460 mm) orthochromatic film, and a rail car equipped with a darkroom and developing facilities.  He printed many of his railroad company photographs on albumen paper to evoke an earlier era, as most photographers had abandoned albumen by the 1890s.Over the past few decades, Rau's work has been exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art, the Corcoran Gallery, the Whitney Museum, the Southern Alleghenies Museum of Art, and the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American Art.  His photographs are currently included in the collections of the Smithsonian, the Getty Museum, and the Library Company of Philadelphia.
The New United States Navy – written by Charles M. Harvey, illustrated with photographs by Rau
Pseudocrossocheilus nigrovittatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China. They live in on the bottom of fast flowing rivers and reach a maximum length of 9.7 cm.
All the Devil's Men is a 2018 British action thriller film written and directed by Matthew Hope and starring Milo Gibson, Sylvia Hoeks, Gbenga Akinnagbe and William Fichtner.
Jack Collins is a war-junkie and former Navy SEAL turned bounty hunter who tracks down terrorists as part of the CIA's outsourcing to private companies. Battling personal demons, the powers that be think he is becoming a liability so his CIA handler Leigh offers him one last chance to keep fighting, sending him to London for a job. There, he finds himself part of a three-man team tasked with hunting down a disavowed CIA Operative called McKnight before he procures a WMD from Russian gangsters and disappears. Together, Collins, Brennan and Samuelson find themselves locked in urban tactical combat with a former colleague, Deighton, and his private army, hired by McKnight as protection. Both sides fight smart and as casualties and betrayal mounts on both sides, Collins refuses to be defeated as he battles his way to an explosive climax.
Milo Gibson as Detective Jack Collins
Sylvia Hoeks as Valerie Leigh
Gbenga Akinnagbe as Gabriel Samuelson
William Fichtner as Detective Clementine Brennan
Joseph Millson as Chad Deighton
Elliot Cowan as Terry McKnight
Perry Fitzpatrick as Jimmy Logan
Yavor Baharov as Chief Oleg Velibor
Rinat Khismatouline as Mark Ivan
The film was released theatrically in the United States on December 7, 2018.  It was released on Blu-Ray, DVD and digital platforms in the U.S. on February 5, 2019.
The film has a 23% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.  Barbara Shulgasser-Parker of Common Sense Media awarded the film two stars out of five.Dennis Harvey of Variety gave the film a negative review and wrote, "There’s a lot of double- and triple-crossing, culminating in a fadeout that seems to go one plot twist over the line of narrative coherency."Frank Scheck of The Hollywood Reporter also gave the film a negative review and wrote, "The problem is that the pic is such an utterly routine, formulaic and forgettable example of its genre that watching it becomes an exercise in endurance."
All the Devil's Men at IMDb
All the Devil's Men at Rotten Tomatoes
Haucourt is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
A farming village together with four hamlets, situated in the Pays de Bray, some 35 miles (56 km) southeast of Dieppe at the junction of the D129 and D919 roads.
The sixteenth-century château.
Vestiges of a priory at the hamlet of Pierrement.
A former military headquarters building and thirteenth-century chapel at Villedieu
The church of St. Leonard, dating from the twelfth century.
Communes of the Seine-Maritime department
A past paper is an examination paper from a previous year or previous years, usually used either for exam practice or for tests such as University of Oxford, University of Cambridge College Collections.
Exam candidates find past papers valuable in test preparation. Some organizations responsible for holding exams have made past exam papers commercially available by either publishing the papers by themselves or licensing a publisher to do the same. For example, UPSC papers in India, SAT papers in U.S. and GCSE and A level papers in UK are being sold, as well as other exams worldwide.
Previous year question papers are to assess student’s brilliancy and capabilities. Students who are preparing for competition exams generally look for past papers. These question papers will help you to have an idea about the main exam. Students generally find these past papers as private websites reveal more information than the official websites.
Many countries such as Singapore publish past examination papers from various sources and publishers such as MOE, SEAB and Education Publishing House(EPH), where many students found it extremely beneficial and useful as many exam-styled questions that are asked in past examination papers are often repeated in the future examination papers, with the exception of wording. Furthermore, these past examination papers are useful for students to prepare for national examinations such as PSLE, N Level, O Level and A Level. Before the EPH could publish past examination papers in the form of books, the publisher must first seek permission from SEAB and MOE, as failure to do so may result in copyright infringement.
The 1998 Kroger St. Jude International was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor Hard courts in Memphis, United States, that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour. It was the 28th edition of the tournament and was held 16–22 February 1998.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
K. Vijayan was an Indian film director. He predominantly works in Tamil cinema. He mainly worked with Sivaji Ganesan. He directed many Malayalam films.
K. Vijayan was an employee of the Golden Rock Railway Workshop in Tiruchirappalli. His first role as lead actor was portraying Paadhai Theriyudhu Paar in 1960. By the end of that decade he started directing, mostly associated with Producer K.Balaji of Sujatha Cine Arts. During the 1970s and until the mid 1980s, he directed many Sivaji Ganesan movies, including Kaaval Dheivam, Punniya Boomi and the 1979 blockbuster Thirisoolam. His other notable movies include Vidhi, Sattam, Viduthalai, a remake of Qurbani and Vandichakkaram. He died in 1988 during the filming of En Rathathin Rathame, which was eventually completed by his son Sundar K. Vijayan.His assistants included Samuthirakani and K. S. Adhiyaman.
His son Sundar K. Vijayan directed numerous television serials.
K. Vijayan at IMDb
In the psychology of defense mechanisms and self-control,
acting out is the performance of an action considered bad or anti-social. In general usage, the action performed is destructive to self or to others. The term is used in this way in sexual addiction treatment, psychotherapy, criminology and parenting. In contrast, the opposite attitude or behaviour of bearing and managing the impulse to perform one's impulse is called acting in.
The performed action may follow impulses of an addiction (e.g. drinking, drug taking or shoplifting). It may also be a means designed (often unconsciously or semi-consciously) to garner attention (e.g. throwing a tantrum or behaving promiscuously). Acting out may inhibit the development of more constructive responses to the feelings in question.
Freud considered that patients in analysis tended to act out their conflicts in preference to remembering them – repetition compulsion. The analytic task was then to help "the patient who does not remember anything of what he has forgotten and repressed, but acts it out" to replace present activity by past memory.
Otto Fenichel added that acting out in an analytic setting potentially offered valuable insights to the therapist; but was nonetheless a psychological resistance in as much as it deals only with the present at the expense of concealing the underlying influence of the past. Lacan also spoke of "the corrective value of acting out", though others qualified this with the proviso that such acting out must be limited in the extent of its destructive/self-destructiveness.Annie Reich pointed out that the analyst may use the patient by acting out in an indirect countertransference, for example to win the approval of a supervisor.
The interpretation of a person's acting out and an observer's response varies considerably, with context and subject usually setting audience expectations.
Early years, temper tantrums can be understood as episodes of acting out. As young children will not have developed the means to communicate their feelings of distress, tantrums prove an effective and achievable method of alerting parents to their needs and requesting attention.
As children develop they often learn to replace these attention-gathering strategies with more socially acceptable and constructive communications. In adolescent years, acting out in the form of rebellious behaviors such as smoking, shoplifting and drug use can be understood as "a cry for help." Such pre-delinquent behavior may be a search for containment from parents or other parental figures. The young person may seem to be disruptive – and may well be disruptive – but this behaviour is often underpinned by an inability to regulate emotions in some other way.
In behavioral or substance addiction, acting out can give the addict the illusion of being in control. Many people who suffer with addiction, either refuse to admit they struggle with it, or some don't even realize they have an addiction. For most people, when their addiction is addressed, they become defensive and act out. This can be a result of multiple emotions including shame, fear of judgement, or anger. It's important to be patient and understanding towards those who suffer with addiction, and to realize that most people want to break free from the symptoms and baggage that come with addiction, but don't know how or where to start. Thankfully, there are many preventative measures and programs than can help those who personally struggle with addiction, or for those who have a friend or family member that suffers with addiction.
Criminologists debate whether juvenile delinquency is a form of acting out, or rather reflects wider conflicts involved in the process of socialization. Deviant behavior is commonly associated with crime and social deviance. Many of those who are involved in crime, usually grew up in broken homes, or had no authority figure in their life. For some, a life of crime is all they’ve ever known. This could be a reason as to why there is a debate over whether or not juvenile delinquency is a form of acting out.
Acting out painful feelings may be contrasted with expressing them in ways more helpful to the sufferer, e.g. by talking out, expressive therapy, psychodrama or mindful awareness of the feelings. Developing the ability to express one's conflicts safely and constructively is an important part of impulse control, personal development and self-care.
Franz Alexander, 'The Neurotic Character' International Journal of Psychoanalysis XI 1930
Acting out Psychological Term From http://www.betipulnet.co.il
Acting Up is Not "Acting-Out" Dr George Simon at CounsellingResource.com
"Projective Identification, Countertransference, and the Struggle for Understanding Over Acting Out" Robert T. Waska, M.S., MFCC, Journal of Psychotherapy Practice and Research 8:155-161, April 1999
Sophie de Mijolla-Mellor, 'Acting out/Acting-in'
Acting out More complete explanation from a psychological perspective.
Acting out Understanding acting out from outsiders and insider's perspectives, suggestions for developing positive potential from acting out traits.
Acting out
City Of Light is a novel by Lauren Belfer published in 1999.
(This summary contains "spoilers".)
The story is set in the city of Buffalo, New York in 1901, as the Pan-American Exposition's planning and construction is under way.  The main character and narrator, Louisa Barrett, is headmistress of the Macaulay School for Girls, inspired by The Buffalo Seminary and is a very influential woman in a time of male predominance.  The first major event in the book is the death of Karl Speyer, an engineering hero that designed the generators for the hydroelectric plant at Niagara Falls.  This causes a chain of events that leads Louisa to become involved in the struggle of the city's hierarchy for control of Niagara.
It was revealed in the novel that Louisa Barrett was sexually abused by the former president Grover Cleveland. She couldn't speak up because she feared the same fate as Maria Halpin—who had been sent to an asylum.
Thomas Sinclair realizes that Grace looks a lot like Louisa Barrett - Grace's godmother and real mother. Louisa's enthusiasm for Grace reinforces this idea - she loves Grace because she is her real mom.
Bates as a radical - always cites God, Nature. He seems to think that electricity is only for the rich and prefers primitive gas lamps etc. Has dramatic flair. In the name of God, misapplication of cause. Susanah Riley cried after the Speech, she is a big fan of Bates.
Ms Mary Talbert (mother of Millicent) - a black woman seems to be protesting against the Pan-Am Exposition, because they portray the old plantation as a happy place where black laborers worked to raise family. However, conditions in plantations were inhumane and black were subject to physical and verbal abuse, and many more undesirable actions (treated like animals etc.) Beloved by Toni Morison.
Louisa dreams of starting a life with Franklin Fiske for a brief moment, but later on Grace reveals to her suspicion about her father wanting to court her - tom courting Louisa. Louisa is shocked but would love the possibility. Franklin Fiske is an undercover writer for the World News - his alibi is that he is a photographer (capturing the scenic sites of Niagara). He believes Speyer's death was an act of murder and wants to investigate the issue more. He asks Louisa whether she knows anything that might potentially help him determine the murderer. After the death of the second plant manager Mr. Fitzhugh, Peter Fronzcyk, brother of Maddie Fronzcyk replaces him.
Tom asks Louisa whether she wants to get married - seems like the logical choice - to ask someone he already knew. She quickly shows signs of interest but keeps calm - gradually gets more comfortable with the idea of marriage. She could finally interact with Grace in ways she never could before, such as hugging her etc., more affectionate forms of love. Another death - the chief manager (something like that of the Niagara plant)  - Louisa has her suspicions that the two deaths - Karl's and this guys (Fitzhugh) were no accident, but instead a series of murders. She wants to find out the syndicates.
Tom and Louisa develop a deeper relationship, kiss, Louisa lies down on Tom's chest. Tom explains his use of Peter but Frederick Krakauer - J. Pierpont Morgan's man, overheard their conversation. Tom says his dream is to generate so much electricity so that he can give electricity out for free. Morgan and Tom - clash of goals.
Tom found out Franklin Fiske's secret - that he was an undercover writer for the World magazine. Frustrated he confronted Louisa, since she was the only one he told. Apparently, Tom found out through other means. Tom invited Franklin to a grand lunch - He told me a complex tale about the bribery of water inspectors. He corroborated information I've found elsewhere, although he offered non-concrete proof. (398) Franklin then admits he loves Louisa and gives her an invitation for marriage. Louisa, while attracted to Franklin, realizes that her only path was towards Grace, with Tom.
Louisa tries to seek out the help of Grover Cleveland, the father of her child by visiting his house. Grover Cleveland turns out to be so much different from what Louisa pictured him to be at the night at the Iroquois hotel. Louisa asks Cleveland about protecting Grace, through his connections with Francis Lyde Stenson - the chief attorney of Morgan - the one behind threats to Grace. Cleveland concludes that no man would place threats on an innocent girl and is helpless.
Louisa returns home, where she sees Bates and Susanah get sent to jail (for bombing the power plant), receives a letter from Francesca requesting her to go to the hospital/ asylum. There she sees Susanah, who informs Louisa she lied about the male nude paintings and reveals to Louisa that she was the one who killed Karl Speyer and James Fitzhugh, the replacement engineer. She apparently seduced both of them and led them to their watery deaths in the Niagara Falls. She claims to have a full assistant who helped her commit the murders and threatens to reveal the assistant. (who was revealed to be Grace, she stole his father's papers because Susannah said that she would be a heroine)
Dexter Rumsey revealed that he and a couple of other friends - Wilcox, Miss Love, knew Louisa's secret. Mr. Rumsey was the only one who knew for sure since he visited New York when Louisa was supposedly there. Krauker left the city under the influence of Rumsey. Tom was also influenced by Rumsey to leave to the west to work on the Arizona river - create a dam.
Grace dies in Goat island because she was twirled and fell to hit her head on a rock. Louisa dreams of what would Grace would have been like, claiming that it lightens her spirit. Franklin Fiske still tries to court Louisa, but Louisa knows she won't get married.
Louisa Barrett is the 34-year-old headmistress of the Macaulay School For Girls.  Although tall, slender and blond, she is considered 'unmarriagable' because of her position in society.  A conservative dresser, she socializes easily with the rich and powerful men of Buffalo, especially those on the Maculay Board Of Trustees, and is not to be considered a 'typical' women of the time.  Her Mother died when she was very young and her Father was a professor of Geology at Williams College.  It was her goal as well, for a time, to travel to Europe to finish her schooling and become a geologist like her father, but personal ties and her desire to keep a secretive watch over her daughter, Grace, kept her in Buffalo.  She is the narrator of the story and provides insight on most of the other characters met in the book.  She is also named Grace's Godmother by Margaret.  She is a fictional character.
Millicent Talbert is a 13-year-old student at Macaulay.  She is the first and only colored student to attend, and therefore is often assumed to be attending on scholarship, but in reality comes from a rich family.  Millicent is an orphan who came to Buffalo from Ohio to live with her Aunt and Uncle, who had adopted her.  She is mature for her age and is the first to tell Louisa that Grace is acting suicidal.  She volunteers at the Fitch Creche, set up by Maria Love as the first daycare center in Buffalo, and is asked to escort Grace home by Mrs. Atkins, Principal of the lower grade school, because of her color.  Millicent is a minor character that first appears on page 8 of the paperback copy of City Of Light and is a fictional character.
Tom Sinclair is the manager of the hydroelectric plant on the Niagara River.  He is in his mid-forties and is over six feet tall, with pale brown hair, a clean shaven fave, and angular cheekbones.  He was married to Margaret Winspear, who died of birth complications a year before the book takes place.  He lives in a mansion on the corner of Lincoln Parkway and Forest Avenue with his 9-year-old, adopted daughter Grace.  He is an Irish immigrant who worked most of his young life in a glass bottle factory.  Born into poverty and raised Catholic, Margaret's parents were opposed to their marriage at first.  Tom came to America and was working at a Pennsylvania railroad telegraph office when John J. Albright saw his potential and decided to sponsor him through college at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.  He married Margaret at Trinity Church in Buffalo after she came into control of her family's fortune and he denounced his Catholicism.  He is portrayed as a caring employer, paying for the medical expenses of his employees doing high risk jobs, but Louisa still suspects him of having a role in Karl Speyer's death, after overhearing an argument between the two of them on the night he died at the Sinclair mansion where Tom was heard yelling the phrase "don't threaten me Speyer."  He later mysteriously donates one million dollars to the Maculay School as an endowment to Margaret.  He first appeared on page 38 of the paperback copy of City Of Light and is a fictional character.
Margaret Sinclair is the wife of Tom Sinclair and adoptive mother to Grace.  Louisa's best friend, she had graduated by the time Louisa came to Macaulay as a teacher, but she stayed to pursue a college entrance curriculum, and was tutored by Louisa in Greek and Latin.  Margaret was of the Winspear family, one of Buffalo's elite, but her parents had died when she was young, leaving her to live with her grandmother.  Her grandmother allowed her to study to fill the years before marriage, but when Margaret was accepted at Vassar, Mrs. Winspear decided to take her on escapade across eastern Europe, visiting Egypt, Ceylon, Singapore, Malaya an India.  When they returned, Margaret no longer wanted to attend college, but disregarded her grandmothers wishes all the same in deciding to marry Tom Sinclair.  She is the one who was responsible for organizing the breakfast carts, a charity act that offered a free breakfast to any child the opportunity to grab something to eat on the way to school.  Maria Love and Ansley Wilcox, Christian charity reformers, were strongly against giving aide to just anyone without evaluating them to see if they deserved it.  Since Margaret funded these carts out of her own pocket, Maria Love refused to keep them going after Margaret's death.  She is a fictional character.
Grace Sinclair is the adopted, 9-year-old daughter of Margaret and Tom Sinclair.  She is really the daughter of Louisa and the former president Grover Cleveland, Louisa was forced to give up the child in order to protect herself from public exposure and because she was unable to care for the child herself.  She arranged to go away for a semester to study in New York City and in Europe, which she used as an excuse to hide her pregnancy.  During that time, she contacted Margaret, who had so far been unsuccessful in conceiving a child, and proposed an adoption.  Margaret accepted once she had been assured that the child came from a good family, which Louisa lied about, creating a fictional situation for Grace's background story.  After the birth, Grace was sent with a doctor and a wet nurse to meet up with Dr Pealmutter, the Sinclair family doctor, who would bring the child to Tom and Margaret, while Louisa traveled to Europe.  Grace is described as a talented artist and a "fine mimic" and she has a love for play-acting.  After her Margaret's death, Grace feels guilty and starts talking about taking her own life.  This understandable upsets Louisa, but no one else finds Grace's behavior to be anything out of the ordinary.  Grace first appears on page 28 of the paperback copy of City Of Light and is a fictional character.
Karl Speyer is the engineer hero that designed the turbines and generators that are being used at the hydroelectric plant on Niagara.  Speyer works on the hydroelectric plant at Niagara, but is with the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, He is in Buffalo for  a consulting job.  He is described as a big man with a dark, thick beard and broad shoulders.  He is killed by Susanah Riley, the art teacher at Maculay, who lures him onto the thin ice of the ornamental lake at Delaware Park and lets him drown once he's fallen through.  His death sets the stage for the rest of the story to progress.  He first appears on page 48 of the paperback copy of City Of Light and is a fictional character.
Peter Fronczyk is the brother of Maddie Fronczyk, a Maculay scholarship student.  He is in his early twenties and has blue eyes with brown, curling hair.  He is a switchboard trainee at the hydroelectric plant at Niagara.  His and Maddie's family lives in Echota ('village of refuge' in Cherokee) which was designed by Stanford White as community for the power station workers.  He first appears on page 108 of the paperback copy of City Of Light and is a fictional character.
Francesca Coatsworth is a self-employed architect and is a Maculay graduate who also attended Wellesley at the same time as Louisa.  She is in charge of designing the addition to the Maculay school after Louisa receives the million dollar endowment from Tom Sinclair.  Her family is one of the oldest and wealthiest in Buffalo and she is carrying on a relationship with Susanah Riley, the Maculay Art Teacher.  Maria Love puts her in charge of the infant asylum, where Abigail Rushman's child eventually dies
Susannah Riley is the Maculay art teacher, who also gives private art lessons to Grace Sinclair.  She is responsible for killing Karl Speyer, whom she lured onto thin ice and then let drown, and James Fitzhugh, whom she pushed into the Niagara River.  She can be considered a radical conservationist, after being seen as a close confidante to Daniel Henry Bates, and is eventually sent to the Buffalo Asylum.
Daniel Henry Bates is a radical conservationist who gives a lecture on the evils of the hydroelectric plant at Lyric Hall one night.  He is old and thin, with a white beard and wild hair, and proclaims to have a list of New York State inspectors that are being bribed to overlook how much water is being used by the hydroelectric plant.  He first appears on page 322 of the paperback copy of City Of Light and he is a fictional character.
Ayomide Emmanuel Bello (born 4 April 2002) is a Nigerian canoeist.
In 2018, she won two gold medals at the 2018 African Youth Games. In that same year, she represented Nigeria at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics and competed in four events: the girls' C1 sprint, girls' C1 slalom, girls' K1 sprint and girls' K1 slalom. She did not win a medal in these events.
She competed at the 2019 African Games and won the gold medals in the C-1 200 metres and C-1 500 metres events. She also won the gold medals in the C-2 200 metres and C-2 500 metres events. As a result the country finished second in the canoeing medal table at the 2019 African Games and she also qualified for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics in the C-2 200 metres.
Man-Child is the fifteenth studio album by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock. The record was released on August 22, 1975 by Columbia Records.
It is arguably one of his most funk-influenced albums and it represents his further departure from the "spacey, higher atmosphere jazz," as he referred to it, of his earlier career. Hancock uses more funk based rhythms around the hi-hat, and snare drum. The tracks are characterized by short, repeated riffs by both the rhythm section, horns accompaniment, and bass lines. Man-Child features less improvisation from the whole band and more concentrated grooves with brief solos from the horns and Hancock himself on synthesizer and Fender Rhodes piano on top of the repeated riffs. This album features the addition of electric guitar to his new sound, which he started only five years prior to this album with Fat Albert Rotunda. The guitarists featured on this album were Melvin "Wah-Wah Watson" Ragin, DeWayne "Blackbyrd" McKnight and David T. Walker. Their extensive use of wah-wah pedal and accenting chords on the up-beat rather than the down-beat is what helps to give the album a distinct and funkier rhythm that is broken up by brief periods of stop-time where only the sustained chords are heard from the electric guitar with an open wah pedal.  The riffs are fast-paced and energetic with repeating patterns that combine with multiple voices (i.e. horns, piano, bass, synthesizer, guitar and drums and percussion). The horn section in "Hang Up Your Hang-Ups" plays repeated riffs in unison that alternate with and are answered by electric piano, synthesizer, and electric guitar in brief periods of call and response.
Paul Jackson, Bill Summers, Harvey Mason, Bennie Maupin, and Mike Clark (who replaced Harvey Mason post-1974) formed the core of the group the Headhunters with which Hancock had toured and recorded for the previous three years.  This was their final album as a group.
All tracks are written by Herbie Hancock except where noted.
Herbie Hancock – piano, keyboards
Bud Brisbois – trumpet
Jay DaVersa – trumpet
Garnett Brown – trombone
Dick Hyde – trombone, tuba
Wayne Shorter – alto and soprano saxophones
Bennie Maupin – soprano and tenor saxophones, bass clarinet, alto and bass flutes, saxello, percussion
Jim Horn – flute, saxophone
Ernie Watts – flute, saxophone
Dewayne McKnight, David T. Walker –  guitar
Wah Wah Watson – synthesizer, voice bag, guitar
Henry E. Davis – bass guitar
Paul Jackson –  bass guitar
Louis Johnson –  bass guitar
Mike Clark – drums
James Gadson – drums
Harvey Mason – drums
Stevie Wonder – harmonica
Bill Summers – percussion
Djerid (also jarid, jered) is a type of throwing spear about 3 ft. long, usually with a wooden haft and small steel head but sometimes all steel used for hunting and warfare. Arab in origin, it was used in Asia Minor, India and Africa; later in Rus' and other eastern Europe, including Poland. Sometimes several weapons were carried in a quiver.
A mounted combat game, the Jarid Bazi, was played by the Biluchis, but here the jarid is described as a long spear.
A similar game, involving the thrown djerid, was observed being played by the Pasha of Jerusalem and his officers and attendants by Lt. William Francis Lynch in the 19th century."A single horseman would leave his ranks, cross the intervening space, and ride leisurely along in front of the opposite line, when, selecting his opponent, he quickly threw his djerid, or short, blunted, wooden spear, directly at him. The latter, generally dodging the weapon, immediately started in hot pursuit of his antagonist, who, now unarmed, spurred his horse towards his friends, and, to avoid the threatened blow, threw himself nearly from the stead, hanging by one leg .... If the assailed were struck with the first cast, one of his party pursued the assailant; and if successful in striking him, it became his turn to flee from an adversary."
The Wichita State Shockers football program was a college football team that represented Wichita State University until the school discontinued football.  The team had 32 head coaches since its first recorded football game in 1897. The last head coach for the team was Ron Chismar who first took the position for the 1984 season.
List of Wichita State University people
Lohikoski is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Aino Lohikoski (1898–1981), Finnish actress
Armand Lohikoski (1912–2005), Finnish film director and writer
Pia Lohikoski, Finnish politician
AutomatedQA Corp. is a software company specializing in automated software testing tools and developer tools. It was founded in 1999 in Las Vegas, Nevada, and is currently based in Somerville, Massachusetts.
The first product released by AutomatedQA was AQtime, a binary instrumentation profiler to help optimize performance for applications developed with Microsoft and Borland compilers. It was released on November 12, 1999.
The first version of TestComplete, AutomatedQA’s automated software testing tool, was released in December, 2000.
In 2004, AutomatedQA released Automated Build Studio, an automated build management and continuous integration application.
AQtrace, a new product by AutomatedQA, was released in June, 2008.
At present AutomatedQA Corp. includes 3 companies: AutomatedQA itself and 2 subsidiaries, SmartBear Software and Pragmatic Software, which were acquired in 2007 and 2009.
AutomatedQA develops products for the software development life cycle, including automated software testing, automated product building and test running, application optimization, memory dump analysis, and memory leak tracking. All the products are tightly integrated.
TestComplete:  TestComplete is an automated testing tool, with support for functional testing, regression testing, manual testing, unit testing, distributed testing and HTTP performance testing.
AQtime: AQtime is a performance profiler and memory allocation debugger for 32- and 64-bit Windows and .NET-connected applications.
Automated Build Studio: Automated Build Studio, or ABS, is an automated build and release management system that offers drag and drop macro creation, automated nightly builds and continuous integration.
AQtrace: AQtrace is an error reporting and resolution system.
AutomatedQA has received an SD Times 100 award three times, including the most recent SD Times 100 list for 2008.  The SD Times 100 award honors the top 100 leaders and innovators in the software development industry as judged by SD Times magazine.
AutomatedQA was one of only two companies ever to receive the Borland Technology Partner of the Year Award twice. AutomatedQA received this award in both 2004 and 2005.
AutomatedQA was recognized in 2008 as Company #643 in the Inc 500 fastest growing companies in America.
"SD Times 100: 2008". SD Times. 2008-06-02.
"Microsoft Gold Certified Partner".
"Borland Announces Technology Partner of the Year Award Winners". Archived from the original on 2009-02-21.
AutomatedQA
Vivian Jeanette Kaplan (born June 17, 1946) is a Canadian writer and business owner.The daughter of Gerda Kosiner, she was born in Shanghai. Her parents were Jews from Vienna; her mother tongue was German. Kaplan came to Canada with her parents at the age of two; the family settled in Toronto. She studied English, French and Spanish at the University of Toronto. Kaplan operated Vivian Kaplan Oriental Interiors, a company which imported home furnishings from East Asia, for twenty years.She wrote her family's story in Ten Green Bottles: The True Story of One Family's Journey from War-Torn Austria to the Ghettos of Shanghai. The book received the Canadian Jewish Book Award in 2003 and the Adei-Wizo Prize presented in Florence, Italy in 2007. A play based on the book was brought to the stage in Toronto in 2009.In 2012, Kaplan published a historical novel Blind Vision.
"Vivian Jeanette Kaplan's web site".
GNS Healthcare is a privately held data analytics company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts with offices in Cambridge and Austin, Texas. 
A company called Gene Network Sciences (GNS) had been founded in 2000 by Cornell physicists Colin Hill and Iya Khalil, which focused on computational biology models of interactions among genes and proteins in cells, with a focus on cancer drug discovery.GNS Healthcare was formed as a subsidiary GNS in 2010 to apply the data analytic methods the company had developed to the healthcare provider, health insurance, pharmacy benefit management and health informatics industries.
Kolakowski, Nick (September 26, 2012) "GNS Healthcare, Aetna Team on Analytics to Combat Metabolic Syndrome". "Slashdot".
Cambia Health Solutions (April 18, 2012) "Cambia Health Solutions Announces Investment in GNS Healthcare". (Press release).
Miller, Katherine (January 2, 2012) "Big Data Analytics In Biomedical Research". Biomedical Computation Review.
Council on Competitiveness (June 30, 2011) "Council on Competitiveness Showcases Power of High Performance Computing in Case Study with GNS Healthcare" (Press release).
Official website
This is a list of North Dakota suffragists, suffrage groups and others associated with the cause of women's suffrage in North Dakota.
Beach Votes for Women League.
Grand Forks Equal Suffrage Association.
National Woman's Party.
Votes for Women Club of Grand Forks, created on March 1, 1912.
Votes for Women League, created in 1912.
Woman Suffrage League of Bismarck, created in 1914.
Woman's Christian Temperance Union.
Beulah Amindon (Fargo).
Elizabeth Preston Anderson.
Marie Louise Bottineau Baldwin (Metis/Turtle Mountain Chippewa) (Pembina).
Helen M. Barker.
Emma Bates (Bismark, Valley City).
Grace Clendenning (Wimbeldon).
Louisa A. Conger (Dickinson).
Guy C. H. Corliss.
Clara L. Darrow (Fargo).
Helen deLendrecie (Fargo).
Cora Smith Eaton (Grand Forks).
Annie Falger (Devil's Lake).
Janette Hill Knox (Wahpeton).
Alma Lutz (Jamestown).
Emma Murray (Hebron).
Flora Blackman Naylor (Chautauqua).
Elizabeth Darrow O'Neil (Fargo).
Alice Nelson Page (Grand Forks).
Kate Perkins.
Alice M. Alt Pickler.
Christine Pollock (Fargo).
Helen G. Putnam.
Fannie D. Quain (Bismarck).
Linda Slaughter (Bismark).
Mazie Stevens (Grand Forks).
Mary Darrow Weible (Fargo).
Kate Selby Wilder (Fargo).
John Cashel.
Oscar Lindstrom.
John Pickler.
Robert M. Pollock.
Enos Stutsman.
Henry Browne Blackwell.
Lillie Devereux Blake.
Carrie Chapman Catt.
Emma Smith DeVoe.
Susan S. Fessenden.
Ella M. S. Marble.
Helen Guthrie Miller.
Sylvia Pankhurst.
Anna Howard Shaw.
Groups
North Dakota Association Opposed to Woman Suffrage, organized in Fargo in 1914.
Personal Liberty League of the German American Alliance.People
Ida Clarke Young.
Timeline of women's suffrage in North Dakota
Women's suffrage in North Dakota
Women's suffrage in states of the United States
Women's suffrage in the United States
Anthony, Susan B. (1902).  Anthony, Susan B.; Harper, Ida Husted (eds.). The History of Woman Suffrage. 4. Indianapolis: The Hollenbeck Press.
Carpenter, Katie; McEvers, Lisa Fair (2020). "100 Years of Women's Suffrage: Celebrating Pilgrims on the Journey for Equality-One Step at a Time" (PDF). North Dakota Law Review. 95 (3): 475–494.
Harper, Ida Husted (1922). The History of Woman Suffrage. New York: J.J. Little & Ives Company.
North Dakota Studies (nd). "A Brief History of Woman Suffrage in North Dakota" (PDF). State Historical Society of North Dakota: 1–3.
The American College of Prosthodontists (ACP) is a not-for-profit organization representing prosthodontists within organized dentistry and to the public, with more than 3,700 members worldwide. Prosthodontics is one of the nine dental specialties defined by the American Dental Association, which recognizes the American College of Prosthodontists as the national organization representing the prosthodontic specialty.Membership is open to individuals who have graduated from or are currently enrolled in an ADA-accredited advanced prosthodontics program. The ACP is the only prosthodontic specialty association where membership is based solely on education credentials. Certified dental laboratory technician and members of the prosthodontic academic community may become Alliance members of the College.
The Journal of Prosthodontics is the official scholarly journal of the College, published eight times annually by Wiley-Blackwell. The Journal of Prosthodontics provides a forum for the presentation and discussion of evidence-based prosthodontic research, techniques, and procedures. The College also publishes a quarterly consumer-focused magazine, the ACP Messenger.
The College works with three affiliate organizations. The ACP Education Foundation seeks to expand education, research, and growth opportunities in prosthodontics. The American Board of Prosthodontics certifies individuals who have demonstrated special knowledge and skills in prosthodontics. The Prosthodontic Forum represents 19 member organizations, attempting to provide a unified voice and a means of exchanging ideas, incentives and information between prosthodontically oriented organizations.
ACP Education Foundation
American Board of Prosthodontics
American College of Prosthodontists website
Journal of Prosthodontics
Prosthodontic Forum
Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council in Cumbria, England is elected every 4 years. This was changed in 2011 from the previous situation where one third of the council was elected each year, followed by one year where there was an election to Cumbria County Council instead.Since the last boundary changes in 2008, 36 councillors have been elected from 13 wards.
Since the first election to the council in 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
1973 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1976 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1979 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election (New ward boundaries)
1980 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1982 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1983 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1984 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1986 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1987 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1988 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1990 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1991 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1992 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1994 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1995 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1996 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1998 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
1999 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election (New ward boundaries)
2000 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2002 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2003 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2004 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2006 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2007 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2008 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election (New ward boundaries reduced the number of seats by 2)
2010 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2011 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2015 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
2019 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election
The by-election was triggered by the death of Councillor Bill Bleasdale of the Conservative Party.
By-election results Archived 29 March 2010 at the Wayback Machine
Barrow-in-Furness Council
Summerfield United Methodist Church is located in the historic Juneautown (East Town)  neighborhood of downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Part of the United Methodist Church (UMC), Summerfield has established several community missions and promotes social justice.
Summerfield's congregation formed in 1852. By 1857 the congregation had moved to Biddle Street (now Kilbourn Avenue) and Van Buren Street and was named Summerfield in honor of John Summerfield, an Irish Methodist preacher.In 1854 members of the Summerfield congregation joined with the abolitionist Sherman Booth and broke into a Milwaukee jail to free escaped slave Joshua Glover.
From 1865 to 1868, Samuel Fallows was pastor. He had served as a colonel and brevetted brigadier general during the Civil War. His wife, Lucy Bethia Huntington, helped to establish the Soldiers Aid Society and was a patron of Milwaukee's Old Soldier Home.
Milwaukee Protestant Home, a home for the aged, was established at the church's location in 1884 and Methodist Manor in 1890.The current church building was constructed in 1904 on the corner of Cass Street and Juneau Avenue for First Community Church. The Gothic style church, with its 73-foot-tall (22 m) bell tower, was built using sandstone and limestone.
In 1869, the first Women's Foreign Missionary Society in Milwaukee and Wisconsin, and the second in the United States, was organized at Summerfield. This later evolved into the United Methodist Women.On October 6, 1919, Goodwill Industries of Wisconsin was founded in the basement of Summerfield.Summerfield merged with First Community Church in 1929 and the combined congregation then occupied the church.The church retains the original stained glass medallions from 1856 used in the Biddle Street location windows. These are among the oldest surviving works of stained glass in the state.Summerfield remains the oldest Methodist congregation in Wisconsin.On January 19, 2014 the congregation of Fe Hispanic Ministry UMC began sharing worship space at Summerfield, bringing services in Spanish to the church.
Summerfield United Methodist Church of Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse is a graphic adventure video game developed by Telltale Games. It is the third and final season of the Sam & Max episodic series created by Telltale, following Sam & Max Save the World and Sam & Max Beyond Time and Space. The first episode was released as one of the first apps for the iPad on April 2, 2010, and was released for Microsoft Windows, OS X, and the PlayStation 3 (the first Telltale game to appear on that platform) on April 15, 2010. A remaster by Skunkape Games is currently in development.
Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse is a series of graphic adventure games, requiring the user to control Sam and Max to specific locations, interacting with the environment, collecting and using objects, and talking to other characters in the game in order to solve puzzles and complete the game. The previous two Sam & Max seasons used a traditional point-and-click interface, which is well-suited for Windows and MacOS users but did not translate well to traditional gamepad controls. The game engine for The Devil's Playhouse has been redesigned to handle both the point-and-click scheme and typical console-based controls for third-person perspective games. On a Windows or MacOS computer, the player has the option of plugging in a gamepad to use this second set of controls. Other aspects, such as inventory management, have also been refined to better suit console players or players not familiar with the adventure game genre. The iPad version of the game features direct touch interaction with the characters, scenery, and inventory.Whereas in previous episodes Max would follow to wherever the player directed Sam, The Devil's Playhouse gives the player direct control over both characters and the ability to swap between characters. This allows for better differentiation between the two characters and increases the variety of gameplay options. A constant theme through the series was a psychic power that Max gained in each episode, such as the ability to read minds, see glimpses of the future or teleport himself to any telephone for which he knows the number. This aspect played into the separate characters' controls in order to solve the puzzles in the game. The PlayStation 3 version of the game features an additional psychic power not present in the other versions.
The game begins with a Twilight Zone-style narrator who tells to the audience that Sam & Max have come to learn of the "Toys of Power"- seemingly harmless toys that Max is able to use to perform various psychic abilities, such as teleportation and precognition. They first use the toys to stop the alien General Skun-ka'pe from destroying the city, who has come to Earth to seek out the Toys himself, and banish him back to the Penal Zone- an interdimensional prison that he escaped previously to the episode. During this mission, the Freelance Police encounter a cult of Mole Men who have been watching over a mysterious artifact called the Devil's Toybox that has been sitting in the basement of Sam and Max's office for quite some time. By watching some dusty film reels, they learn that their great-grandparents, Sameth and Maximus, were chosen by the cryptic Mr. Papierwaite to retrieve the Toybox from the Tomb of Sammun-Mak, an ancient Pharaoh. However, when they successfully recovered it, Papierwaite attempted to use Maximus' psychic powers and the Toybox to summon the Elder God, Yog-Soggoth, and bring about the end of the world. Sameth and Maximus managed to stop Mr. Papierwaite by tricking him into saying the summoning words himself and then tasked the Mole Men of the time with watching the Toybox in the basement under their office building (they were supposed to help, too, but were unintentionally killed by a protection spell).
Just before the last reel is played, Sam goes to the bathroom and returns to find that somebody has stolen Max's brain and the Devil's Toybox. After interrogating several suspects, Sam tracks the brain thief to the Museum of Mostly Natural History, where he temporarily re-animates Max's body by putting the brain of the Pharaoh Sammun-Mak into Max's head. Together, they discover that Skun-ka'pe who has escaped the Penal Zone (after the Toybox was stolen) and that Mr. Papierwaite (who is somehow still alive) are fighting for possession of the Toybox and Max's brain. Seeing Sam, they form a temporary alliance and plan to use Max's brain to recollect the Toys of Power and energize the Toybox. Investigating the museum, Sam witnesses an exchange between Papierwaite and a seemingly invisible being called Dr. Norrington. He also meets the museum security guard Sal, a cockroach, who is working for Mr. Papierwaite who has become the museum's curator. Though Sam is able to break-up the alliance between Skun-ka'pe and Papierwaite, Sammun-Mak in Max's body activates the Toybox and creates an alternate reality where Sammun-mak rules over all. Max, who is still a brain inside a jar, Dr. Norrington and the Mole Cultists are the only ones to remember the previous reality and together, they convince Sam that he must get close to Sammun-Mak and remove his brain from Max's body. After evading both Papierwaite and Skun-ka'pe, Sam removes the mad pharaoh's brain and normal reality is restored. Sam returns Max's brain to his body but they find themselves surrounded by an army of Sam clones, who recover the Toybox and begin a search for the remaining toys.
Taking shelter along with the Stinkies and Skun-ka'pe, who is soon abducted by the clones, at Stinky's Diner, Sam and Max uncover a mysterious cloning chamber underground where the mysterious 'Clone Master' is using the clones to gather the remaining toys of power. They begin a search for the Clone Master and soon meet Mr. Papierwaite and the enigmatic Dr. Norrington who is revealed to be the elder god Yog-Soggoth. The two explain that they were fused together (which made the former immortal) when Sameth and Maximus disrupted Papierwaite's ritual in the past. Yog-Soggoth further explains that the Devil's Toybox is that of his own son, Junior, and if all the Toys are returned to it, Junior will be summoned and bring about the end of the world. Sam and Max learn that Momma Bosco is missing from Boscotech and after calling her back in a seance, she reveals that she was paid handsomely by the Clone Master to supply the technology. Sam and Max help to restore her to life using the cloning machine in exchange for her help. Back in Stinky's Diner, Flint Paper is interrogating Stinky over the mysterious underground passages and exchanges between Stinky and her lover 'Mr. S'. Sam and Max help her escape from the Diner and then follow her to a meeting with Mr. S who is revealed to be Sal. Shortly afterwards, the two fall under the control of the Clone Master but with their indirect help, Sam and Max follow the clones to where the Toybox has been taken. Before they can recover the toy box, they are stopped by Charlie Ho-Tep, an evil ventriloquist dummy and one of the Toys of Power in their possession who reveals himself to be the Clone Master. Sam and Max are captured and taken to the Statue of Liberty where Charlie Ho-Tep plans to complete the ritual to summon Junior in the hope that he will be played with again. With the help of Dr. Norrington and Papierwaite who have also been captured by Charlie, Max unleashes his psychic powers so that he no longer needs the Toys to defeat Charlie and tricks him into destroying the Toybox himself, ending the threat. However, Max accidentally swallows some of the demonic essence left by Junior, causing him to turn into a giant beast. The Giant Monster Max then stomps towards the city, leaving Sam behind, startled and confused. "Well, this is new".
One week later, Max has been ravaging the city and Sam forms a strike team alongside a heavily pregnant Sybil who has just returned from her honeymoon, Dr. Norrington and Papierwaite who intend to get inside Max and reverse the changes. Inside, Sam takes control of Max's giant body with the help of Sal, who dies from heavy radiation poisoning. Sam then meets with the narrator who reveals to be Max's "Super-Ego", who tells him that he plans to blow up Max's brain and take the city with it (because of Max being an amoral bunny). In order to destroy the tumour and stop the Super-Ego, Sam recovers the Cthonic Destroyer from the now teamed-up Skun-ka'pe and Girl Stinky with the help of Flint Paper but before he can use it, Sybil goes into labor and accidentally breaks it. Max's subconscious suddenly shows signs of sacrifice, wanting to save Sybil and the Super-Ego decides that he has been wrong and that he will save the city rather than destroy it. Sam and the others escape and the Super-Ego teleports Max to the location of Skun-ka'pe's ship before he explodes, seemingly killing himself and his Super-Ego, Girl Stinky and Skun-ka'pe in the process. Despite Momma Bosco's best efforts, they cannot clone Max and Sam walks off by himself. At the last moment, he is greeted by the parallel universe Max (from the previous season, Sam & Max Beyond Time and Space) whose Sam was destroyed under similar circumstances. Together again, the two head off on another adventure.
The Devil's Playhouse was the third Sam & Max game produced by Telltale Games since acquiring the license after the cancellation of Sam & Max: Freelance Police in 2004. The game was initially expected to be released in 2009, a year after Sam & Max Beyond Time and Space. Though the game failed to materialize, towards the end of 2009 Telltale alluded to the Sam & Max sequel in the final chapter of Tales of Monkey Island, directing players to the game's preliminary website. Industry media later noted that the title Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse as well as the title of the first episode, "The Penal Zone", had been registered with the OFLC, the Australian film and video game classification body. Telltale officially announced The Devil's Playhouse at the Game Developers Conference on March 11, 2010 for release for Windows, the PlayStation Network and Mac OS.While The Devil's Playhouse was originally announced for PC and the PlayStation 3 for release on April 15, 2010, an iPad version of the game became available on April 2, 2010 as one of the first applications for the release of the device. Telltale's CEO, Dan Connors, revealed that they chose to develop the series for the iPad as a new opportunity as it "really revolutionizes the way our stuff is played". Connors also stated that once they started testing the iPad version, they felt the device helped to give more immersion to the game, as opposed to the other platforms where they play out more as an interaction movie. Telltale was able to keep most of the features that they had already developed for the PC and console releases, including 3D graphics limited only by the shader technology on the iPad, while including features that took advantage of the iPad's technology, such as a touch-based interface.
On April 15, 2010, game developer Valve announced that anyone who purchased The Devil's Playhouse through Steam would receive three bonus items in Team Fortress 2: a hat based on Max's head, Max's pistol, and Sam's revolver. The promotion ended on April 26. This was later expanded to include people who purchased the games through the Telltale store.
Telltale Games Sam and Max website
Thomas Edward McCarthy (April 12, 1893 – December 28, 1959) was a professional ice hockey player who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Bulldogs and Hamilton Tigers. After several years as an amateur player with teams in New York, McCarthy joined the amateur Hamilton Tigers in 1918–19 and helped them win the Allan Cup as the best amateur team in Canada. He turned professional in 1919 when he joined the Bulldogs, and played one season with the team before they moved and became the professional Tigers. McCarthy played an additional season there before joining the Saskatoon/Moose Jaw Crescents of the Western Canada Hockey League, and played one final season with the Seattle Metropolitans of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association before retiring in 1923.
He played one season for the Quebec Bulldogs (1919–20) and one for the Hamilton Tigers (1920–21) of the NHL and one season for the Seattle Metropolitans (1922–23) of the PCHA. In 35 NHL games, he scored 22 goals and added 7 assists for 29 points. In 16 PCHA games, he scored two goals and one assist.
Biographical information and career statistics from NHL.com, or Eliteprospects.com, or Hockey-Reference.com, or Legends of Hockey, or The Internet Hockey Database
Wilmington Downs is a 209.8-hectare (518-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest north-west of Eastbourne in East Sussex. The site includes a Scheduled Monument, the Long Man of Wilmington, a turf cut figure which may be of prehistoric origin.This site is mainly chalk grassland on the steep slope of the South Downs. It is important for invertebrates, including two protected under Schedule 5 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act, 1981, the wart-biter grasshopper and the snail Monacha cartusiana. There are also several unusual species of lichens and mosses.
Benjamin Walker (25 November 1913 – 30 July 2013) was the truncated pen name of George Benjamin Walker, who also wrote under the pseudonym Jivan Bhakar. He was a British citizen, an Indian-born author on religion and philosophy, and an authority on esoterica.
He was born in Calcutta (Kolkata), the son of Dr. Simeon Benjamin Walker, M.D., and Mary Emily Fordyce, both of Pune (Poona), India. In some remote dialects, such as the one of the tribe who created Benjamin Walker, his name is spelt Bianjiamian Wiakiar.
Simeon Walker (1873–1928) carried out a great deal of humanitarian work, in India, establishing a centre of studies called The Hall of Literature, Science and Hygiene that was formally opened by the Gaekwar of Beroda (Vadodara) in 1900. The building was accidentally burned to the ground in 1902, along with thousands of books, manuscripts and official documents in Sanskrit, Marathi, Gujarati, Hebrew, and English, many of which had been contributed by scholars and old families who desired to contribute to this enterprise. Walker was also active in educational work, in the course of which he came to know several of the political leaders of the day that were forerunners of Mahatma Gandhi. They included G.K. Gokhale and B.G. Tilak. Walker was a pacifist.
Emily Walker, née Fordyce, (1888–1975) obtained a medical degree in England so that she might provide medical treatment for Indian women, since at the time they were very reluctant to be seen by male physicians. Simeon Walker accompanied his wife to England where she obtained an MB (Bachelor in Medicine) and several diplomas in female ailments and midwifery. During her stay in London she joined the Suffragette movement and met Emmeline Pankhurst. They married in 1906, and when Simeon and Emily Walker returned to India in 1910 they decided to settle in Calcutta, at that time the capital of India. They opened a dispensary where for one day a week the poor were treated and given medication free. In total they had four children: Reema Rose (1906–1912), Alexander (1909–1991), William (1911), and George Benjamin (1913-2013).
George, the third son of the Walkers, was born in Calcutta on 25 November 1913. He matriculated from the Calcutta Boys' School with distinctions in English and Urdu in 1929. At school, as a keen young Scout, he was Patrol Leader in the 9th First Calcutta Troop. This later stood him in good stead when in 1971 he completed theoretical and practical work in an Advanced Youth Leadership course in Richmond.
From school he went to the Jesuit institution, St. Xavier's College, Calcutta, where he received his BA degree with distinctions in English and Philosophy in 1933. He was admitted to the Calcutta University Postgraduate College where he received his MA degree with Honours in English. Years later, in 1989 he received an honorary degree of Doctor of Letters (D. Lett.) from the Vishwa Unnyayan Samsad of New Delhi.
George's mother, a staunch Christian, had agreed to marry his father only on condition that the children were brought up as Christians. Simeon, himself a humanist, rationalist, and agnostic, agreed, provided the children were allowed free access to his vast library of books, many of which were highly critical of religion in general and Christianity in particular.
In 1937 Walker joined the British Consulate-General in Bushire (Bushehr), South Persia (Iran), first as Confidential Assistant and then as Personal Assistant to the Honourable Political Resident in the Persian Gulf. During this period he travelled widely throughout the region and was able to collect information for his book on Persia (Iran), which was well received by the critics.
In 1943 he was sent to the Shia holy city of Meshed in the province of Khorasan, which borders on both Turkmenistan and Afghanistan. In Meshed, he was involved in supervising the transport of war commodities to the Russian front. While in Meshed he met and married (1945) a British-born Anglo-Russian girl, Xenia Dagmar Andrea Stevens-Williams (born 1920), whose knowledge of English, French, German, and Russian were of immense value in his work. She also carried out translations of official documents from foreign languages into English for the British Consulate-General. They had no children.
With the end of the war in 1945, Walker's services were transferred to the new Republic of India. He served, first in the Central Cipher Bureau in New Delhi, then as a supervisory officer in the Division covering Bhutan, Sikkim, and Tibet, then in the East Asia division concerned with the region extending from Korea and Japan southwards to Indochina (Vietnam). Later he served in diplomatic posts as a Political Attaché in various countries.
From 1955 he was on the staff of the Indian Military Mission, in Berlin, in the British zone of the occupying Allied Forces. While in Berlin he was requested by Kathleen Bauer, of the British Council office there, to give classes in England to German adults keen to learn the language.
In April 1968 Walker took early retirement in Middlesex, England, to devote himself to writing under the name of Benjamin Walker. To disguise his identity Walker also often wrote under the name of Jivan Bhakar, an Indian-sounding variant of 'G. Ben Walker.'
Walker had written a three-act play called  The Love Drug, which was produced at the St John's Club, Calcutta, November 1930, in which he himself also took part. The modest proceeds went to charity, receiving good reviews from local newspapers, but he felt he was not really cut out to be either a dramatist or an actor.
One of Walker's stories, "Shanti", written under the pen name Jivan Bhakar, appeared in the Illustrated Weekly of Bombay in December 1950 and earned him a prize. Another story called "Kismet" was published in The Short Story Magazine, Calcutta.
Walker wrote his first poem at the age of 10, describing the Great Fire of London of 1666, which appeared in his school magazine. He continued to write poetry into adulthood expressing his sentiment about the world and people. One such, called "We are", appeared in Life and Letters Today, London, August 1939. Another called "It still remains" appeared in Phylon, Atlanta University, March 1952.
Over the years his poems have been published in journals in India, England, and America. A collection of his verse was published in Calcutta, 1956, under the title of Mixed Blood (Lena Press Calcutta, 1956). For a brief period he enjoyed a modest reputation as a minor Indian poet.
Features by Walker on Eastern affairs and various miscellanea have appeared in journals, newspapers, and books. Under the pen name of Jivan Bhakar he was a regular contributor, for three years between 1948 and 1950, to Shankar's Weekly, known as the 'Indian Punch', after the London-based satirical magazine celebrated for its wit and wisdom. The founder of the magazine, K. Shankara Pillai, informed Walker that his articles were enjoyed by Prime Minister Pandit Nehru. A brief sample of titles, below, give an indication of the diversity and scope of his work, which exceeded 250 articles:
"In praise of Wordsworth", Statesman, Calcutta, 1935.
"The decline of freedom", Contemporary Affairs, Calcutta, 1936.
"Unemployment in Calcutta", Anglo-Indian Review, Calcutta, 1937.
"Lamet Hill peasants in Indochina", Pacific Affairs, Richmond, Virginia, 1952.
"Rock 'n' roll in the army", Berlin Bulletin, Berlin, 1952.
"Esoteric sexuality", Critique, Santa Rosa, California, 1989.
"The Kelts", Keltic Fringe, Uniondale, Pennsylvania, 1992.
As Walker had carried out a course in psychology, whilst at college, he was invited soon after to give a talk on the subject to the Blue Triangle YWCA Club in Calcutta. He agreed and on 1 October 1934 found himself facing a large group of ladies who, it appeared to him, were looking at him with curiosity and hauteur. With much trepidation he began speaking and soon found that he had the rapt attention of the audience. The success led to a repeat performance, of a subject of his own choice. He spoke on Wordsworth, with whose work and that of other Romantics, such as Coleridge, Byron, Shelley, and Keats he was well acquainted.
From then on he continued to deliver talks, and during his official service he continued 'unofficially' giving lectures wherever he was posted, on topics that ranged over religion, philosophy, psychology, mysticism, history, and English literature, always avoiding politics of which he had never been particularly enamoured.
In 1950 while in Saigon (now Ho Chi Minh City) Walker made the acquaintance of René de Berval, the French author and journalist, and at the time editor of France Asie, a French quarterly on Asian studies. Walker persuaded him to start an English quarterly, which came to fruition and was called Asia. Through the mediation of Jean-Pierre Dannaud, Chief of the French Information Services of Indochina, and Louis-Charles Damais of the École française d'Extrême-Orient, financial support was provided and the quarterly was brought out. For political reasons René de Berval was Editor, and Walker was Joint-Editor under the pen-name of Jivan Bhakar.
From the start Asia became a significant success, attempting to cover the whole of the continent, with contributions from renowned authorities on their respective specializations. Its readership soon overtook that of its French counterpart.
In 1951 Walker took a short break to visit Hanoi in the north to help the Indian consul there to set up an exhibition of Indian art. While he was in Hanoi, General Jean de Lattre de Tassigny, Commander in Chief in French Indochina, personally thanked Walker for promoting French interests through Asia, though that was not the purpose of the quarterly.
Asia did not long survive Walker's transfer to another post two years later. To induce him to stay on, de Berval offered him a salary, with emoluments and honoraria four times more than his then salary with the Government of India. But Walker turned down the offer as he felt he could not remain anchored in Saigon. In addition, it was clear to many observers at the time that the political situation in Vietnam was deteriorating beyond the control of the French colonial administration. The offer to carry on with Asia was renewed, and again declined, when de Berval subsequently moved, along with  France Asie and Asia, to Tokyo.
Hindu World is regarded as Walker's magnum opus. It was the first encyclopedia to cover Hinduism in all its diverse variety. The Hindu dramatist S.S. Chauhan was inspired by the book to write a play on the iniquities of the caste system. His wife, Vijaya Chauhan wrote a novel on the same subject, spurred by Hindu World. The book also drew the attention of Pearl Binder (Lady Elwyn Jones), an authority on costume design, who thereafter sought Walker's help in her research on Indian tribal dress, colours, and textiles.
Persian Pageant: A Cultural History of Iran, Arya Press, Calcutta, 1950.
Angkor Empire: A History of the Khmer of Cambodia, Signet Press, Calcutta, 1995.
Hindu World: An Encyclopedic Survey of Hinduism, (Two Volumes), Allen & Unwin, London, 1968; Praeger, New York, 1968; Munshiram Manohar Lal, New Delhi, 1983; Harper Collins, New Delhi, 1985; Rupa, New Delhi, 2005, ISBN 81-291-0670-1.
Sex and the Supernatural: Sexuality in Religion and Magic, MacDonald, London, 1970; Harper & Row, New York, 1973, ISBN 0-06-087043-5; Fitzhenry, Toronto, 1973.
Beyond the Body: The Human Double, Routledge and Kegan Paul, London, 1974, ISBN 0-7100-7808-0; Fitzhenry, Toronto, 1974; Arkana, 1988, ISBN 0-14-019169-0.
Encyclopedia of Esoteric Man: The Hidden Side of the Human Entity,  Routledge and Kegan Paul, London, 1977, ISBN 0-7100-8479-X. (Published under the title Body Magic: An Encyclopedia of Esoteric Man in 1979.)
Man and the Beasts Within: The Encyclopedia of the Occult, the Esoteric, and the Supernatural, Stein & Day, New York, 1978, ISBN 0-8128-1900-4.
Encyclopedia of Metaphysical Medicine, Routledge and Kegan Paul, London, 1978, ISBN 0-7100-8781-0.
Encyclopedia of the Occult, the Esoteric and the Supernatural,  Stein & Day, New York, 1980, ISBN 0-8128-6051-9.
Masks of the Soul: The Facts Behind Reincarnation, Aquarian Press, London, 1981, ISBN 0-85030-258-7.
Tantrism: Its Secret Principles and Practices, Aquarian Press, London, 1982; Borgo Press, 1983, ISBN 0-85030-272-2.
Gnosticism: Its History and Influence, Crucible, London, 1989; Harper Collins, Reprint edition, 1990, ISBN 1-85274-057-4.
Foundations of Islam: The Making of a World Faith, Peter Owen Publishers, London and New York, 1978, ISBN 0-7206-1038-9; Harper Collins, New Delhi, 1999.
Caesar's Church: The Irrational in Science & Philosophy, Book Guild, Lewes, Sussex, 2001, ISBN 1-85776-625-3.
Man, Myth and Magic, Purnell, London, January 1970 - January 1971. Walker contributed the chapters on: Body, Eye, Kali, Karma, Kundalini, Madness, Mandala, Mantra, Meditation, Moon, Nirvana, Phallic Symbolism, Ramakrishna, Reincarnation, Self Denial, Tantrism, Taoism, Yoga.
Encyclopedia of the Unexplained, Routledge & Kegan Paul, London, 1974. Walker contributed the entries entitled: Astral Body, Dreams, Karma, Mandala, Mantras, Mystery Religions, Physical Powers, Tantrism, Yoga.
Fate and Fortune, Michael Cavendish, London, 1974-1975. Walker contributed the chapters on: Karma, Kabala, Out-of-Body Experiences, Reincarnation, Tantrism.
Academic American Encyclopedia, Arete Publishing Co., Princeton, New Jersey, 1980. Walker contributor the entries entitled: Divination, Fortune Telling, Ghosts, Omens, Satanism, Voodoo, Witchcraft.
Esotericism
Hinduism
Kamboj
Valmiki
Kamboja Aupamanyava
Kamboja Kingdom
Occult
Who's Who in Europe, 1983, International Publication Service; 5th edition (April 1983), ISBN 2-87061-004-1
The Writers Directory, St. James Press; 2006 edition (1 July 2005), ISBN 1-55862-551-8
An Anthology on aspects of Indian culture, Dr. V. Raghavan, Dr. V. Raghavan centre for performing arts; 2002 edition.
Dr Benjamin Walker on Tamil Literature
Brief biography of Benjamin Walker
Hinduism Today article
India Today review
Reference to Walker's Body Magic
Tatiana Ferdman is a former international table tennis player from the Soviet Union.
She won three World Championship medals including a gold medal in the Mixed Doubles event with Stanislav Gomozkov at the World Table Tennis Championships in 1975.She also won an English Open title.
List of table tennis players
List of World Table Tennis Championships medalists
Rosny Park is a suburb of Hobart, Tasmania, located in the City of Clarence on the eastern shore of the Derwent River.  It is about five kilometres from the city centre of Hobart.  Rosny Park is the commercial twin of its residential namesake, Rosny.
The history of the area goes back to first settlement where the area was part of Kangaroo Point later renamed Bellerive.
The area was rezoned splitting the areas of Bellerive and Rosny Park and gazetted as Rosny Park in 1977 and the boundaries re-gazetted in 1999.
Rosny was named for a family name of W.A. Bethune, the holder of the original grant on the point, and he named it after his ancestor, the Duc de Maximilien de Bethune Sully, of Rosny-sur-Seine near Mantes in France.Rosny Farm c.1818 is located within the Rosny Park boundary. The Rosny Barn was re-developed in 2006 to a multi-purpose, small capacity arts venue situated in the cultural hub of Hobart’s Eastern Shore. Rosny Cottage (now a Museum) and the School House Gallery (a replica of a schoolhouse that was built at Osterly in central Tasmania in 1890) are also located within the walls of the farm.
Kangaroo Point Post Office opened on 24 June 1832. It was renamed Bellerive in 1882 and was closed and relocated to the Rosny Park office in 1982.Rosny Park has grown dramatically in the last half of the 20th century from being a small commercial precinct serving the nearby suburbs of Rosny, Montagu Bay, Warrane and Mornington to replacing nearby Bellerive as Clarence's primary commercial service district, or CBD.
https://www.placenames.tas.gov.au
Centred on Bligh Street and the Rosny Park Transit Mall, Rosny Park has effectively become the administrative, commercial and transportational centre of the City of Clarence, and therefore Hobart's eastern shore.  It caters for banking (all major banks) and postal services, and government administration.  It is the home of the Clarence City Council, a local court chambers, and the local branch of the State Library of Tasmania.  It also has branches of the Commonwealth Office, the Australian Archives, the Department of Justice, the Education Department, Service Tasmania, and the Rosny Historic Centre (a small local museum and historic property).  The Clarence branch of the Returned and Services League (RSL) is based in Rosny Park.  There is also childcare, and nursing home facilities nearby.
Rosny Park is home to Bellerive Police station, the Tasmanian Fire Service, and Bayfield Street Medical Centre, as well as Warrane barracks of the 12th/40th battalion of the Australian Army Reserve.
It is the primary retail area of the eastern shore, home to Eastlands Shopping Centre, now the biggest in the state. The shopping centre has continued to grow since it first opened in 1965, becoming fully enclosed in 1972, and includes 100 stores catering for all varieties, including food stores, fashion, supermarkets, a Kmart and Tasmania's first Big W store.
Rosny Park also has a Village Cinema complex, one of only four in the state. There is also a Raine & Horne Real Estate and Harcourts Real estate.
Rosny Park is home to Rosny College a government-provided senior secondary college, which also teaches adult night courses.
Rosny Park is home to the Rosny Park Public Golf Course, a 9-hole course, as well as Kangaroo Bay cricket ground, skateboard ramps and netball courts, Rosny Park Tennis Club, and Rosny Park Bowls Club.
Nearby Charles Hand Memorial Park provides public green space, and also hosts an annual Christmas Carols by Candlelight ceremony which draws crowds in the thousands.
Rosny Park Transit Mall is a local hub and is serviced by several routes which reach most suburban areas of the City of Clarence, and some outer districts such as Lauderdale, as well as services to Hobart Bus Station and Glenorchy.
The Jazz Standards: A Guide to the Repertoire is a 2012 book by Ted Gioia documenting what he considers to be the most important tunes in the jazz repertoire. The book is published by Oxford University Press. The book features a range of jazz standards in alphabetical order, from Broadway show tunes by the likes of George Gershwin and Irving Berlin, to the standards of esteemed jazz musicians such as Duke Ellington, John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Thelonious Monk, Wayne Shorter and Charles Mingus. In the book Gioia has recommendations for definitive covers of each standard to listen to, over 2000 in total.
Gioia states that he was inspired to write the book due to the difficulties he encountered as an aspiring jazz musician in his youth when he would turn up to jam sessions and feel embarrassed at not knowing the tunes and not having a list or some kind of reference he could use to learn to expected repertoire. He stated that: "I soon realized what countless other jazz musicians have no doubt also learned: in-depth study of the jazz repertoire is hardly a quaint historical sideline, but essential for survival. Not learning these songs puts a jazz player on a quick path to unemployment." Gioia's purpose for writing it was to provide a "type of survey, the kind of overview of the standard repertoire that I wished someone had given me back in the day—a guide that would have helped me as a musician, as a critic, as a historian, and simply as a fan and lover of the jazz idiom".
The Telegraph states that it is a "comprehensive guide to the most important jazz compositions, is a unique resource, a browser's companion, and an invaluable introduction to the art form", adding that "musicians who play these songs night after night now have a handy guide, outlining their history and significance and telling how they have been performed by different generations of jazz artists", and is described as such on the Toronto Public Library website. Clive Davis writing for The Independent noted that "Apart from his elegant prose style, the first thing you notice about Ted Gioia's approach to his subject is that the music clearly gives him no end of pleasure", and that the book contains numerous "witty" personal anecdotes of Gioia's experience of the tunes. He considers The Jazz Standards: A Guide to the Repertoire a "bold attempt to summarise the core repertoire". The London Review of Bookshops  wrote that the book would "appeal to a wide audience, serving as a fascinating introduction for new fans, an invaluable and long-needed handbook for jazz lovers and musicians, and an indispensable reference for students and educators". Dennis Drabelle of The Washington Post remarked that it was "hard to quarrel with Gioia’s seemingly encyclopedic knowledge of what is still hot or not" but was critical of some of his omissions of information, such as failing to mention that "I Can't Give You Anything but Love, Baby" was prominent in the Howard Hawks comedy Bringing up Baby (1938).
The following standards are listed in the book:
Benjamin Brenner (August 3, 1903 – May 30, 1970) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
He was born on August 3, 1903.
Brenner was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1938, elected in November 1937 on the American Labor and City Fusion tickets in the 2nd assembly district of Brooklyn. He was defeated when running for re-election in 1938 on the Republican and American Labor tickets.
On May 10, 1939, Brenner was appointed by Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia to the Municipal Court (8th D.) to fill the vacancy caused by the appointment of Murray Hearn to the City Court. In November 1939, he was defeated when running for a full term, and left the bench at the end of the year.
In 1940, he ran in the 8th district for Congress but was defeated by Democrat Donald L. O'Toole.
In July 1944, he was elected Chairman of the Liberal Party in Brooklyn.On September 27, 1948, he was appointed by Mayor William O'Dwyer as a City Magistrate.He was a Justice of the New York Supreme Court from 1953 to 1969. In September 1960, he was nominated on the Liberal ticket for the New York Court of Appeals; but declined to run. At the end of 1969, he resigned from the bench due to ill health, and moved to Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
He died on May 30, 1970, in Memorial Hospital in Hollywood, Florida, of heart disease.
The 2011 Team Speedway Junior World Championship will be the 7th FIM Team Under-21 World Championship season. The Final took place on September 3, 2011 at Balakovo in Russia. It will be the first Final in Russia. The defending Champion is Denmark team.
As the 2011 Under-21 World Cup Final was staged in Russia, the Russian team was seeded directly into the Final. The other three finalists were to be determined in two Semi-Finals on May 28.
However, Sweden, who qualified for the Final by winning Semi-final 1, and Australia who qualified by winning Semi-final 2, both withdrew from the Final due to travel cost and visa problems. After both Poland and Finland declined to replace them, their places in the Final was taken by the Ukraine and Czech Republic. Anticipating cost and visa problems, Great Britain declined to enter a team in the 2011 Junior World Cup.
On home soil, the Russians easily won their first Under-21 World Cup, scoring 61 points to claim a massive 30 point victory over reigning champions Denmark. The Ukraine and Czech Republic finished tied on 29 points each with the Ukraine's Aleksandr Loktaev defeating Václav Milík, Jr. in a runoff to decide third place.
2 May 2011
 UKR Rivne
Referee:  Jim Lawrence
Jury President:  Andrzej Grodzki
References
M - exclusion for exceeding two minute time allowance • 
T - exclusion for touching the tapes • 
X - other exclusion • 
E - retired or mechanical failure • 
F - fell
28 May 2011
 POL Rawicz
Referee:  Craig Ackroyd
Jury President:  David Joiner
Attendance: 1,200
References
M - exclusion for exceeding two minute time allowance • 
T - exclusion for touching the tapes • 
X - other exclusion • 
E - retired or mechanical failure • 
F - fell
28 May 2011
 GER Diedenbergen
Referee:  Marek Wojaczek
Jury President:  Anthony Steele
References
M - exclusion for exceeding two minute time allowance • 
T - exclusion for touching the tapes • 
X - other exclusion • 
E - retired or mechanical failure • 
F - fell
3 September 2011
 RUS Balakovo
Stadion Trud (Length: 380 m)
Referee:  Istvan Darago
M - exclusion for exceeding two minute time allowance • 
T - exclusion for touching the tapes • 
X - other exclusion • 
E - retired or mechanical failure • 
F - fell
2011 Speedway World Cup
2011 Individual Speedway Junior World Championship
Taylorsville is a town located in southeastern Smith County, Mississippi, United States. With a population of 1,353 in the 2010 census, the town is the second most populous city in Smith County, behind the county seat of Raleigh to the north.
Taylorsville was established on the Gulf and Ship Island Railroad in 1900. The site was selected by an employee of the railroad, and soon after a post office was built. The post office was originally located about five miles away in Old Taylorsville (now a community located off of Mississippi Highway 531), but was later moved to New Taylorsville. It was the moving of the post office to New Taylorsville that established the present location of the town.
Soon after, the Old Stringer Hotel was built. Many years later, in 1946, it was burned down in an arson fire. The town of Taylorsville was founded as a result of the extensive pine forests that grow in Smith County and the surrounding areas. The vast majority of the area was cut by Eastman-Gardiner. As lumber was a very plentiful resource, new businesses and homes both were rapidly built. 
Today, the lumber industry remains a vital part of the town's economy, with Georgia Pacific having two lumber processing plants and one chemical plant (Plywood and Chemical Divisions in West Taylorsville, and the Paper Division in East Taylorsville) in the city.Today, the city is a bustling small town full of life. There are several major companies that have major branches (or are even headquartered) in Taylorsville, and the town has several stores and gas stations. It has several restaurants, including Catfish Cabin, 28 Diner and Los Charros. It also  has a junior college vocational training facility run by Jones College, formerly known as Jones County Junior College.
Taylorsville is the headquarters of Southern Pine Electric Power Association, an electric co-op chartered in March 1938 to serve 481 homes and farms. Today, Southern Pine Electric is one of the largest electric cooperatives in the United States with nearly 10,000 miles of energized line serving more than 65,000 meters. The 11-county service area encompasses 14.3% of the total land mass of Mississippi.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 3.7 square miles (9.6 km2), all land. The city is located just west of the Leaf River, which passes under Mississippi Highway 28 about 1 mile outside of the Taylorsville city limits. The Leaf River is a main tributary of the Pascagoula River, which flows to the Gulf of Mexico.
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,353 people, 534 households, and 375 families residing in the town. The population density was 364.3 people per square mile (140.7/km2). There were 598 housing units at an average density of 162.4 per square mile (62.7/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 81.58% White, 17.75% African American, 0.37% from other races, and 0.30% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 0.37% of the population.There were 534 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.6% were non-families. 28.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.05.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.2% under the age of 18, 8.9% from 18 to 24, 26.3% from 25 to 44, 22.5% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.0 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $28,563, and the median income for a family was $38,958. Males had a median income of $30,776 versus $20,096 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,202. About 12.5% of families and 16.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.1% of those under age 18 and 10.2% of those age 65 or over.
The Grillin' N Chillin' Barbecue Festival is a two-day event that is held each year in Taylorsville on the first weekend in November. The festival starts on Friday night with the barbecue teams firing up the grills to compete for various prizes. 
On Saturday morning, the town closes a one-mile stretch of Mississippi Highway 28 for the car and bike show, which features prizes and a burnout competition. The festival has been a great success for the town, bringing in much-needed tourism dollars and attracting barbecue cooks from all over Mississippi and the southeastern United States.
Taylorsville Attendance Center is a public school governed by the Smith County School District.
Taylorsville is served by two newspapers: The Smith County Reformer and The Post. Both provide news on a local level, while television and high-speed internet provides wider-scale news. Radio station WBBN-FM 95.9 (B95), is licensed to Taylorsville with its studios in Laurel.
The city has no public transit system other than the bus routes to Taylorsville High School, but is served by several Mississippi state highways and one county highway.State highways
Mississippi Highway 28
Mississippi Highway 37
Mississippi Highway 531Taylorsville is located approximately 10 miles from U.S. Highway 84. The town is connected to a railroad system which connects to the West Taylorsville Industrial Park and runs west to Magee.
Jason Campbell, football player
Eric Clark, Mississippi Secretary of State
Tim Duckworth, football player
Blaine Eaton II, politician
Billy Hamilton, baseball player
Marcus Keyes, football player
Danny Myrick, singer/songwriter
Eugene Sims, football player
Prentiss Walker, former Congressman
Official website
Taylorsville Chamber of Commerce
Growth capital (also called expansion capital and growth equity) is a type of private equity investment, usually a minority investment, in relatively mature companies that are looking for capital to expand or restructure operations, enter new markets or finance a significant acquisition without a change of control of the business.Companies that seek growth capital will often do so to finance a transformational event in their lifecycle.  These companies are likely to be more mature than venture capital funded companies, able to generate revenue and profit but unable to generate sufficient cash to fund major expansions, acquisitions or other investments.  Because of this lack of scale, these companies generally can find few alternative conduits to secure capital for growth, so access to growth equity can be critical to pursue necessary facility expansion, sales and marketing initiatives, equipment purchases, and new product development.
Growth capital can also be used to effect a restructuring of a company's balance sheet, particularly to reduce the amount of leverage (or debt) the company has on its balance sheet.
Growth capital is often structured as preferred equity, although certain investors will use various hybrid securities that include a contractual return (i.e., interest payments) in addition to an ownership interest in the company. Often, companies that seek growth capital investments are not good candidates to borrow additional debt, either because of the stability of the company's earnings or because of its existing debt levels.
Growth capital resides at the intersection of private equity and venture capital and as such growth capital is provided by a variety of sources.  The types of investors that provide growth capital to companies span a variety of both equity and debt sources, including private equity and late-stage venture capital funds, family offices, sovereign wealth funds, hedge funds, Business Development Companies (BDC), and mezzanine funds.  Growth capital investments are also made by more traditional buyout firms.  Particularly in markets where debt is less available to finance leveraged buyouts or where competition to fund startup businesses is intense, growth capital becomes an attractive alternative.
Growth equity investments, as defined by the National Venture Capital Association, feature the following:
Company’s revenues are growing rapidly.
Company is cash flow positive, profitable or approaching profitability.
Company may be founder-owned and often has no prior institutional investment.
Investor is agnostic about control and purchases minority ownership positions more often than not.
Industry investment mix is similar to that of venture capital investors.
Capital is used for company needs or shareholder liquidity and additional financing rounds are not usually expected until exit.
Investments are unlevered or use light leverage at purchase.
Investment returns are primarily a function of growth, not leverage.
Convertible bond
Mezzanine capital
Working capital
Bridging the finance gap: next steps in improving access to growth capital for small businesses. HM Treasury, December 2003.
"What is Growth Capital?", Industry Canada
Rendezvous with Rama is an interactive fiction computer game with graphics published by Telarium (formerly known as Trillium), a subsidiary of Spinnaker Software, in the year 1984. It was developed in cooperation with Arthur C. Clarke and based upon his 1973 science fiction novel Rendezvous with Rama.
German reviewers recognized the complexity of the storyline and the various possibilities of interaction with non-player characters.
Fahrenheit 451 (video game)
Rama, 1996 computer game also based on Clarke's novel
Rendezvous with Rama at Museum of Computer Adventure Game History by Howard Feldman
Rendezvous with Rama at Adventureland by Hans Persson and Stefan Meier
Rendezvous with Rama at MobyGames
"History Lesson" is a science fiction short story by British writer Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1949 in the magazine  Startling Stories.
The two-part story speculates on the cooling of the Sun as a doomsday scenario for Earth and an evolutionary advent for Venus.
The first part of the story is told from the perspective of a tribe of nomadic humans of the 30th century, in a future where Earth has entered a final ice age. The tribe is travelling toward the equator ahead of glaciers that are descending from the North Pole, but discovers, when they arrive in the last hospitable region of the planet, that glaciers from the South Pole have already almost reached them. The tribe carries with it a few relics from the previous centuries which it considers sacred, although the functions of the various objects have been forgotten. A generation later, just before the two glaciers fronts meet and spell ultimate extinction of the human species, the relics are safely relocated to a cairn on a mountain that stands between the two advancing bodies of ice. Among the relics there is a radio beacon built as an asteroid-tracking device that was never deployed but is still functioning.
The second part of the story is told from the perspective of a race of Venusian reptiles who have evolved into intelligent beings capable of space travel in the 5,000 years since the cooling of the Sun. The Venusians travel to Earth and, attracted by the radio beacon, manage to recover the relics of the last tribe of humans, now the only remnants of civilization not buried under ice. The title of the story comes from the attempts of the Venusian scientists to reconstruct the life and times of erect bipeds that once walked on the Third Planet. After centuries of fruitless studies of humankind's last writings found in the relics the scientists believe a major breakthrough when they manage to decipher the working principle of a film reel that apparently contains an animated cartoon short, which ends with a section of  text, which no amount of effort and speculation can decipher: "A Walt Disney Production".
According to Clarke's introduction to his story collection Reach for Tomorrow, this story shares its roots with "Rescue Party". "Rescue Party" is similar in that the Sun is changing in a way that dooms Earth. However, rather than cooling, it explodes, destroying all planets, and the response of humans to the event and the stories' endings are very different.
There is another similarity with "Rescue Party" and also with "Trouble with the Natives" and 3001: The Final Odyssey. In all four stories, aliens draw naive conclusions from little information about humans — a movie reel in this story, a 2D portrait in "Rescue Party", some BBC broadcasts in "Trouble with the Natives", and information taken from the end of the "Century of Torture", the 20th, in 3001: The Final Odyssey.
In one aspect, this story is very similar to a story in Clarke's 2010 Odyssey Two: superfast evolution of smart animals on a world newly made habitable. In 2010, the heating up of Europa brings native animals to the stage of human cavemen in just 20,000 years; in this story, the cooling of Venus brings Venusians to the level of spacefarers in just 5,000 years.
At the end of The Fountains of Paradise, the Sun cools temporarily (nevertheless for thousands of years, as in another "ice age") turning Earth into an icy wasteland. This situation is very similar to first story of "History Lesson". But the response of humans to this doomsday scenario is very different in the two works.
"History Lesson" was included in Clarke's anthology Expedition to Earth, published in 1953. In the British edition (Sidgwick & Jackson, 1954), the title was "Expedition to Earth", while the story otherwise also known under that title appeared there as Encounter in the Dawn.
History Lesson title listing at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Henri Bok (born 9 March 1950, Rotterdam) is a Dutch bass clarinetist known for his unique compositions.
One of the 'Big Three' in bass clarinet history, Henri Bok is a very active worldwide ambassador of his beloved instrument, one to which he has devoted his life as a performer, teacher, improviser and composer. His unique rich and warm sound can be heard on numerous recordings.
Bok is noted for his new sound combinations leading to unusual instrumental groups: Duo Contemporain (with marimba/vibraphone), Duo Novair (with accordion), Bass Instincts (with bass oboe), Duo Clarones (bass clarinet duo with Luis Afonso 'Montanha'), Duo HeRo (with jazz pianist Rob van Bavel) and Duo Hevans (with Eleri Ann Evans, saxophones).
Bok has also collaborated with fellow musicians Gustavo Beytelmann, José Luis Estellés, Mike Garson, Josef Horák, Bennie Maupin, Justo Sanz, Louis Sclavis, Willem Tanke, Henri Tournier, Dawn Upshaw, Eric Vloeimans, and many others from all styles and genres. These collaborations have resulted in many new pieces dedicated to him.
Bok has been professor of bass clarinet at Codarts/Rotterdam Superior Conservatoire (The Netherlands). He was professor of bass clarinet at Musikene until 2020 (San Sebastian, Spain), as well as guest professor at the Robert Schumann Hochschule für Musik (Düsseldorf, Germany). He has just taken up a new position at the Fontys Hogeschool voor de Kunsten, Tilburg.   Since 2000, he has also taught the bass clarinet class during the annual Julian Menéndez clarinet summer course in Ávila (Spain). Bok is also professor of free improvisation and has performed at several improvisation festivals (amongst others in Tallinn, Estonia).
New Techniques for the Bass Clarinet (www.shoepair.com),  which Bok wrote in 1989 (revised in 2011), is considered to be the standard work for instrumentalists and composers interested in extended techniques.
In 2005 Bok was the initiator and artistic director of the first World Bass Clarinet Convention, which took place in Rotterdam and was attended by more than five hundred bass clarinetists from all over the world.Following his first piece Vinho do Porto Brasileiro (1997), Bok has written a large number of solo works and chamber music. His compositions are published by Shoepair Music.
In recognition of his exceptional contribution to music, Henri Bok was made a knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion by King Willem Alexander in April 2014.
In 2018 he received his PhD at Leiden University with a thesis entitled 'The deep-rooted microtonality of the bass clarinet'.
Bok is an endorser for Buffet Crampon , D'Addario reeds, Pomarico, and Wiseman bells and cases.
"Duo Contemporain", with Miquel Bernat. Globe, 1994
"Duo Novair", with Miny Dekkers. Globe, 1995
"Tube Makers", with Miquel Bernat. Globe, 1998
Music for Bass Clarinet and Piano, with Rainer Klaas. Clarinet Classics, 1999.
Worlds of Bass Clarinet. Globe, 1999.
"Duo Clarones", with Luis Afonso Montanha. YBMusic, 2001
Wicked!. Artistic License, 2003
BASSics, with Rob Broek. Clarinet Classics, 2003.
HeRo, with Rob van Bavel. Bloomline, 2005.
Henri Bok plays David Loeb. Vienna Modern Masters, 2005.
"In a Nutshell". DVD Shoepair Music Prod., 2006
"HeRo's Own", with Rob van Bavel. Shoepair Music Prod., 2008
"HeRo's Heroes", with Rob van Bavel. Shoepair Music Prod., 2008
"HeRo's Classics", with Rob van Bavel. Shoepair Music Prod., 2008
"Windsongs", with Joaquin Meijide. Vienna Modern Masters, 2009
"Voices of the Four Seasons", Vienna Modern Masters, 2012
"Multitasking", Shoepair Music Prod., 2012
Henri Bok Official Website
Bok Henri Bok at AllMusic
The 2015–16 season was the 56th season in the history of NK Maribor and the club's 25th consecutive season in the Slovenian PrvaLiga since the league establishment in 1991. The team participated in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, Slovenian Football Cup, and UEFA Champions League. The season covers the period from 1 June 2015 to 31 May 2016.
Colour key: Green = Maribor win; Yellow = draw; Red = opponents win.
Colour key: Green = Maribor win; Yellow = draw; Red = opponents win.
Notes
Colour key: Green = Maribor win; Yellow = draw; Red = opponents win.
Colour key: Green = Maribor win; Yellow = draw; Red = opponents win.
Colour key: Green = Maribor win; Yellow = draw; Red = opponents win.
Players
Nationality
Competitions
Designations The player was selected in the official 2015–16 Slovenian PrvaLiga team of the season
# The player was the top scorer in the respective competition
Correct as of 25 May 2016, match v. Celje. Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. The players squad numbers, playing positions, nationalities and statistics are based solely on match reports in Matches sections above and the official website of NK Maribor and the Slovenian PrvaLiga. Only the players, which made at least one appearance for the first team, are listed.
Correct as of 25 May 2016, match v. Celje. Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. The players squad numbers, playing positions, nationalities and statistics are based solely on match reports in Matches sections above and the official website of NK Maribor and the Slovenian PrvaLiga. If a player received two yellow cards in a match and was subsequently sent off the numbers count as two yellow cards, one red card.
Below is the list of foreign players who have made appearances for the club during the 2015–16 season. Players primary citizenship is listed first.
EU Nationals
EU Nationals (Dual citizenship)
Non-EU Nationals
List of NK Maribor seasons
Lyceum-Northwestern University (L-NU) is a medical college located in Dagupan City, Philippines founded by Dr. Francisco Quimson Duque and Mrs. Florencia Tiongson Duque in 1969.
Lyceum-Northwestern University though bearing the word Lyceum is not affiliated with Lyceum of the Philippines University since LPU is the first and original institution in the country to bear the word Lyceum.
Lyceum-Northwestern started as a single-room nursing school at the Dagupan City Polyclinic Hospital and was then called the Dagupan City School of Nursing. In 1974, Dr. Duque acquired the Northwestern Educational Institution. From the merger emerged the name Lyceum-Northwestern. In the latter part of the year, Lyceum-Northwestern spearheaded a consortium of local tertiary schools and founded the Northern Philippines Institute of Medicine. Lyceum-Northwestern became the "first medical school of the north." The institute began with an enrollment of 19 students. The consortium lasted two years.
On November 19, 2001, Lyceum-Northwestern was granted its university status.
There are six different departments which are offered by Lyceum Northwest university courses are mentioned below.
Department of General Medicine
Department of Paediatrics
Department of Dentistry
Department of Pharmacy
Department of Nursing
Department of Preventive Medicine
Salvador T. Duque Fieldhouse (Indoor Gymnasium and Basketball Court)
2 outdoor basketball courts
2 outdoor tennis courts
1 outdoor volleyball courts
1 football field
1 Olympic-sized swimming pool and 1 regular Pool
Official website
Kreativum is a science center located at Karlshamn, at the southern part of Sweden.
Kreativum's Portal
Antony Passage is a hamlet in south-east Cornwall, England, UK. It stands beside the tidal section of the River Lynher (a tributary of the River Tamar) on the opposite bank to Antony village.
 Media related to Antony Passage at Wikimedia Commons
Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (; born 22 August 1967) is an English actor, director, and former fashion model known for his roles as Simon Adebisi in Oz, Lock-Nah in The Mummy Returns, Nykwana Wombosi in The Bourne Identity, Kurse in Thor: The Dark World, Killer Croc in Suicide Squad, Mr. Eko in Lost, Malko in the fifth season of the HBO series Game of Thrones, and Dave Duerson in the NFL biopic drama Concussion.Akinnuoye-Agbaje's feature directorial debut, Farming, wrapped production in 2017 and had its world premiere at the 2018 Toronto International Film Festival.
Akinnuoye-Agbaje was born in Islington, London, to Nigerian parents of Yoruba origin, who were students in the UK. When he was six weeks old, his biological parents gave him up to a white working-class family in Tilbury, Essex. His foster parents had at least ten African children, including Akinnuoye-Agbaje's two sisters, living in their house at certain points. His foster father made a living as a lorry driver and struggled to support the family financially.
When he was eight years old, his biological parents brought him back to Nigeria but, as he was unable to speak the Yoruba language and forbidden by his parents to speak English, he was returned to Tilbury shortly thereafter. The brief exposure to Nigeria left him struggling to reconcile his heritage with the distinctly British culture and environment he was raised in. As a young boy, facing a cultural identity crisis, he joined a local skinhead gang in order to escape racial persecution at their hands. At 16 years old, having become a thief, his foster parents sent him to a boarding school in Surrey where he ultimately attempted suicide before coming to terms with his background and turning his life around.He went on to earn a law degree from King's College London and a Masters in Law from the University of London at large. While a university student, Akinnuoye-Agbaje worked in a clothes shop where he was introduced to the world of modelling.
Akinnuoye-Agbaje's modelling career led him to Hollywood, where he began his acting career with a 1995 role in Congo.His best-known acting roles have been as the imposing convict Simon Adebisi in the 1990s HBO prison series Oz and as Mr. Eko on ABC's survivor drama Lost. Film roles include The Bourne Identity, in which he played a deposed African dictator, Hitu the police officer in Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls, Lock-Nah in The Mummy Returns, and Heavy Duty in G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra. He was also featured in the video for singer-songwriter Grayson Hugh's hit "Talk It Over", which was in heavy rotation in 1989 on MTV and VH-1.
In 2009, Akinnuoye-Agbaje was in talks with Marvel Studios to play the superhero Black Panther in a proposed film of the same name. In an interview, he stated his excitement about the possibility, saying that "the timing is so right" for a black superhero, and "while I'm in my prime, this is the time... I'm going to keep knocking on their door." In 2014 Marvel did announce a Black Panther film, though with Chadwick Boseman in the title role.He guest starred in the second episode of season 8 of Monk, and played Derek Jameson in the 2011 film The Thing. He portrayed Kurse in the Marvel Studios film Thor: The Dark World. He portrayed the character Malko in the fifth season of Game of Thrones. In 2015 it was reported that Akinnuoye-Abaje voices the lead character of Bilal, a film about the life of Bilal Ibn Rabah set to be released in the second half of the year. In 2016, he co-starred in the DC Comics film Suicide Squad, as the Batman villain Killer Croc.
In 2012, Akinnuoye-Agbaje stated that he had been developing a film about his life story, which he also planned to direct. The film is called Farming, in reference to the practise of Nigerian parents "farming out" their children to white UK families. In May 2017, he announced that casting on the film had begun with Damson Idris in the lead role as Enitan, Kate Beckinsale playing his abusive, neglectful foster mother and Gugu Mbatha-Raw as his teacher and mentor.
Akinnuoye-Agbaje lives in Los Angeles. He is a Nichiren Buddhist and a member of the Soka Gakkai International Buddhist association.Akinnuoye-Agbaje asked to be written off Lost, citing a desire to return to London after his foster parents' deaths and to direct a film there. He is a supporter of Arsenal F.C.
"Talk It Over" – Grayson Hugh (1989)
"Jealousy" – Pet Shop Boys (1991)
"Giving Him Something He Can Feel" – En Vogue (1992)
"Love No Limit" – Mary J. Blige (1993)
"I Want It All Night Long" – Heather Hunter (1993)
"You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)" – Dawn Penn (1994)
Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje on Twitter 
Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje at IMDb
Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje interview on Tavis Smiley
"Rescue Me" is the debut single by hard rock band Freak of Nature, released in 1993 from their self-titled debut album. The band features former White Lion vocalist Mike Tramp who formed Freak of Nature after White Lion broke up in 1992. Tramp has remarked that the lyrics to this song were autobiographical. A music video was also made for the song.
"Rescue Me" (European single)
"Rescue Me"
"Are You Ready"
"Turn the Other Way" (acoustic)
"What Am I" (acoustic)"Rescue Me (Japan EP)
"Rescue Me"
"What Am I" (acoustic)
"Turn the Other Way" (acoustic)
"Wartime"
"Can't Find My Way"
Prattville–Grouby Field (FAA LID: 1A9) is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (3.5 mi, 5.6 km) southwest of the central business district of Prattville, a city in Autauga County, Alabama, United States. It is owned by the Prattville Airport Authority. It is also known as Prattville Airport or Autauga County Airport.This airport is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation facility.
Prattville–Grouby Field covers an area of 82 acres (33 ha) at an elevation of 225 feet (69 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with an asphalt surface measuring 5,400 by 100 feet (1,646 x 30 m).For the 12-month period ending November 1, 2010, the airport had 8,754 aircraft operations, an average of 23 per day: 97% general aviation and 3% military. At that time there were 28 aircraft based at this airport: 86% single-engine and 14% multi-engine.
Photo of airport terminal
Aerial image as of 28 February 1998 from USGS The National Map
FAA Terminal Procedures for 1A9, effective May 20, 2021
Official Website:  http://prattvilleairport.com/
Resources for this airport:
FAA airport information for 1A9
AirNav airport information for 1A9
FlightAware airport information and live flight tracker
SkyVector aeronautical chart for 1A9
Ponthieva (commonly called shadow witch) is a genus from the orchid family (Orchidaceae). They are named after Henry de Ponthieu, an English merchant of Huguenot ancestry who sent West Indian plant collections to Sir Joseph Banks in 1778.
Ponthieva  is widely distributed in the southeastern United States, the West Indies, and Latin America from Mexico to Argentina.They are mainly terrestrial plants with sympodial growth, but some are epiphytes. Their fibrous root show long and soft hairs. Some of the branches are thickened. The simple stem grows from rhizomes and carries thin, basal leaves with a slight to a somewhat longer stalk. The few to many, erect flowers grow on bracteate peduncles  in a terminal raceme. Their dorsal sepal is slightly joined to the petals at the apex.  The petals are free  or sometimes fused to lower flanks of the column. The lateral sepals are distinct or joined.The clawed lip is fused to the base of the short column. This is semiterete, i.e.  in the form of a cylinder, rounded on one side and flat on the other. It is slightly winged towards the pointed apex.There are four, yellow, club-shaped  pollinia that are joined in pairs.
Species accepted as of June 2014:
 Media related to Ponthieva at Wikimedia Commons
 Data related to Ponthieva at Wikispecies
Trevor Wilkinson (born 10 October 1960) is a former Zimbabwe and South African professional squash player.
Wilkinson was born on 10 October 1960 and lived in Cape Town, South Africa. He began to play squash at the age of 13 in Harare and won the South African Amateur Championship in 1981. He represented South Africa at international level before representing Zimbabwe.
Trevor Wilkinson at Squash Info
Dasineura crataegibedeguar is a species of gall midges in the family Cecidomyiidae.
Stig Kleven (born 12 January 1967) is a Norwegian sport wrestler.
He was born in Notodden and represented the club IF Urædd. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where he placed 4th in Greco-Roman wrestling.
He placed sixth at the 1994 World Wrestling Championships.
Acmanthera is a genus in the Malpighiaceae, a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. Acmanthera comprises 7 species of trees, shrubs, or subshrubs native to Brazil.
Anderson, W. R. 1975. The taxonomy of Acmanthera (Malpighiaceae). Contributions from the University of Michigan Herbarium 11: 41–50.
Anderson, W. R. 1981 ["1980"]. A new species of Acmanthera (Malpighiaceae). Systematic Botany 5: 438–441.
Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature
Acmanthera
Isaac Ayipei (born in 1966 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian retired footballer.
Los ojos más lindos del mundo is a 1943 Argentine drama film directed by Luis Saslavsky and starring Pedro López Lagar, Amelia Bence and Roberto Airaldi.
Los ojos más lindos del mundo at IMDb
Meri Maa is an Indian television drama series which aired on Life OK in from 18 December 2011 to 22 April 2012.
Young Jhilmil was lost at her young age in a festival, better to say she was abducted. Then she was raised in a slam with other childs. Jhilmils real mother mourns for lose of her daughter but her mother-in-law thinks she is responsible of this abduction and lose.
Sayantani Ghosh as Pratibha
Avneet Kaur as Jhilmil
Neena Kulkarni
Parikshit Sahni
 Ketaki Kadam
Shivam Jagtap as Bhola
Liberia participated at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 6 October to 18 October 2018.
KVDW (branded as Vern 1530AM) is a radio station serving the Little Rock metropolitan area with southern gospel and talk programming.  The station broadcasts on AM frequency 1530 kHz and is currently under ownership of Alvin Simmons, through licensee Habibi's Broadcasting, Inc.
Because it shares the same frequency as "clear channel" station WCKY-AM in Cincinnati, Ohio; KVDW operates only during the Daytime hours.
In addition to the main station at 1530 kHz, KVDW is relayed by an FM translator in order to widen its broadcast area and provide 24 hours coverage.
KVDW began its broadcasting activities on December 18, 2006, and has since then maintained its current format. It was formerly known as "Victory 1530".
Despite the name change, the website still uses the victory1530.com URL.
Vern 1530AM - Official Site
KVDW in the FCC AM station database
KVDW on Radio-Locator
KVDW in Nielsen Audio's AM station database
Hexachaeta leptofasciata is a species of tephritid or fruit fly in the genus Hexachaeta of the family Tephritidae.
Rick Wentworth is a BAFTA-nominated film and TV composer, conductor, orchestrator and arranger.
His work in film began with composing the score for Withnail and I, directed by Bruce Robinson in 1987, followed by Robinson's second film How To Get Ahead in Advertising. Both were produced by Handmade Films. 
Wentworth's TV credits include the Jonathan Creek (series and specials), four seasons of the ITV drama Ultimate Force for Bentley Productions, Between the Lines and Cracker for which Wentworth received a BAFTA nomination.
He has also written music for many advertising campaigns, including Nissan, Kellogs, American Express, Burger King, American Airlines, Ford and Guinness.
In addition to conducting his own work, Wentworth has conducted film scores including Tomb Raider, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005) Hellboy II, Notorious B.I.G., the Oscar-nominated Milk (2008), The Boys Are Back (2009), Alice in Wonderland, Dark Shadows and Frankenweenie (2012).
His string arrangements can be heard on tracks from artists including The Lightning Seeds, Blur, Del Amitri and in 2008/09 Musical Direction for the Rough Trade artistes Belle & Sebastian and Codeine Velvet Club (2009).
His formative work involved assisting the late composer Sir Michael Tippett bring his opera The Ice Break to its premier performance at the Royal Opera House.
Wentworth has a long association with Pink Floyd founding member Roger Waters, and co-produced, orchestrated and conducted the music for his opera, Ça Ira. The opera was recorded in USA and Europe featuring Bryn Terfel, Paul Groves and Ying Huang. It reached No.1 in the American classical chart, and received Platinum sales in Poland. 
He conducted the world premiere of the overture from Ça Ira in 2002, played by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra at the Royal Albert Hall. He also arranged and conducted a collection of Roger Waters's tracks, fronted by Waters and his band. He has since conducted the world premier performance of the opera in Rome followed by performances in Poland, Kiev and at the Manaus Opera House in the Brazilian Rainforest of the Amazon. Ça Ira opened the opera season at the Theatro Municipal in São Paulo in April 2013. All performances were conducted by Rick to sell-out audiences. In August of the same year he conducted Ça Ira which opened the annual Cultural Festival at the Gotaplatsen in Gothenburg and featured an international cast of singers, Sally Matthews, Bryan Hymel, Owen Gradus and Christian Van Horn including Roger Waters who acted as narrator to an audience of over ten thousand.
Wentworth also orchestrated and conducted the modern opera Giulietta e Romeo in 2007 for European composer Riccardo Cocciante, which had its premiere at the Arena in Verona and has subsequently toured throughout Italy.
Other collaborations include writing and producing songs with George Benson, Patti Austin, Grace Jones and Paul McCartney, who commissioned him to orchestrate and conduct a personal animated film entitled The Light From Within (yet to be released). Wentworth also orchestrate arrangements for McCartney's televised appearance at the Nobel Peace Prize presentations.
He also collaborated with writer David Levin and wrote six songs for his 2009 musical production People, which premiered at the Edinburgh Festival in that year.
Wentworth has served on the panel of judges for the British Academy of Film and Television Awards (BAFTA) and the Royal Television Society Awards (RTS), and is a current serving Board member of the Akram Khan Dance Company.
1999
Monsieur Pett1999
The Dybbuk1992
Freddie as F.R.O.71989
How to Get Ahead in Advertising1987
Withnail and I
2014
Jonathan Creek – The Curse of the Bronze Lamp
Jonathan Creek – The Sinner and the Sandman
Jonathan Creek – The Letters of Septimus Noone2013
Jonathan Creek – The Clue of the Savant's Thumb2010
Jonathan Creek – The Judas Tree (feature-length TV Special)2009
Jonathan Creek – The Grinning Man (feature-length TV Special)2007
Robbie The Reindeer in Close Encounters of the Herd Kind (Comic Relief)2006
Ultimate Force (4 Seasons, 21 Episodes from 2002 – 2006)
The Good Housekeeping Guide
Dalziel and Pascoe (5 feature-length episodes from 2004 – 2006)2003/4
Jonathan Creek (12 one-hour episodes)2002
D.I.Y. Hard
Paradise Heights (6 episodes)
Little Ghosts (48 episodes)2000
The Last Polar Bears
Blind Ambition1999
The Alchemists (6-hour episodes)1998
Silent Witness (6-hour episodes)1997
Prohibition: Thirteen Years That Changed America (12 Episodes)
Cracker – White Ghost (Feature Length TV Special)1996
Cracker (2 Seasons from 1995–1996)
The Moonstone
The Writing On The Wall (4 Feature Length Episodes)1995
Rules of Engagement1993
Between The Lines (13 hour episodes)1992
Sam Saturday (6 hour episodes)1991
Sleepers (4 hour episodes)
White Goods (4 hour episodes)
Work!
2010
Bet Your Bottom Dollar2009
People2007
Giulietta e Romeo2004
Ca Ira
2014
Big Eyes
Roger Waters: The Wall2013
Peabody and Sherman2012
Hitchcock
Promised Land
Dark Shadows
Frankenweenie2010
Alice in Wonderland2009
The Boys Are Back
Terminator Salvation
Notorious
Monsieur Pett2008
Milk
The Duchess
Hellboy II: The Golden Army
Journal of a Contract Killer2005
2014
Roger Waters: The Wall2007
Robbie the Reindeer in Close Encounters of the Herd Kind2005
Goal!2001
Rat Race
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider2000
Love's Labours Lost1996
All Dogs Go To Heaven 21990
Die Hard 21989
How To Get Ahead in Advertising1988
The Adventures of Baron Münchausen
Rick Wentworth at IMDb
Rick Wentworth on Twitter
HotHouse Music
The Instituto Municipal de Ensino Superior de Assis (IMESA) (or in English Assis's Municipal Institute of Higher Education) is a city university in the city of Assis in Brazil. It is governed by the Fundação Educacional do Município de Assis and was founded in 1985 and is controlled by Prefeitura Municipal de Assis. IMESA have 15 undergraduate and 4 postgraduate courses. 
The president of IMESA is Teacher Master Eduardo Augusto Vella Gonçalves and from FEMA is Teacher Doctor Ulysses Telles Guariba Netto
FEMA was created in 1985 and the first course of IMESA began in 1988. FEMA was created to satisfy the interest of Paranapanema Valley politicians. In Assis (in this time) that don't had others universities except for UNESP (or in this time, the Institute of Letters, History and Psychology) and Assis's Educational Institute. The firsts undergraduates courses was Mathematical and Data Processing. Today IMESA have 14 courses of undergraduate and 4 courses of postgraduate. It's the second largest university of Assis and the third largest university at Paranapanema Valley.
Welcome Back, My Friends, to the Show That Never Ends – Ladies and Gentlemen is the second live album by the English progressive rock band Emerson, Lake & Palmer, released as a triple album in August 1974 on Manticore Records. It was recorded in February 1974 at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California, during the group's 1973–74 world tour in support of their fourth studio album, Brain Salad Surgery (1973).
The album was a commercial success, reaching number 4 on the Billboard 200, the band's highest charting album in the US. In the UK, the album peaked at number 6. The album is certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for 500,000 copies sold in the US. Following its release, Emerson, Lake & Palmer took an extended break from writing and recording.
The album was recorded in February 1974 at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California during the group's 1973–74 world tour in support of their fourth studio album, Brain Salad Surgery (1973). Its title comes from the introduction to the show spoken by the show's Master of Ceremonies (Pete Murray, the UK disc jockey) and the opening line of "Karn Evil 9: First Impression, Part 2".
To record the album, staff and equipment were brought in from Wally Heider Studios in Los Angeles, including a 24-track mobile recording unit and a 40-input console. Peter Granet, one of the engineers, called it "the finest recording experience I've ever had". The band used a 4 channel quadraphonic PA system on the tour. A quad mix of the album was released as a three 8-track tape set. A quad LP record edition was planned for release in the Quadradisc format but was scrapped due to engineering issues in master recording which prevented JVC, the manufacturer, from cutting a stable master to meet the format's specifications.
Most of the recordings on the album were first used for broadcast on the American rock music radio show, The King Biscuit Flower Hour. In 1999, the radio recordings were released on CD.
AllMusic gave the album a mixed retrospective review, saying that it "makes one realise how accomplished these musicians were, and how well they worked together when the going was good." They praised the set for including all but one song from Brain Salad Surgery, and particularly commended the performance of "Karn Evil 9" as being far superior to the studio rendition. However, they noted that unlike most live albums of the era, Welcome Back did not incorporate studio overdubs, limiting the band's ability to recreate moments from their albums and resulting in poor sound quality: "Even the most recent remastered editions could not fix the feedback, the occasionally leakages, the echo, the seeming distance – the listener often gets the impression of being seated in the upper mezzanine of an arena."
Emerson, Lake & PalmerKeith Emerson – keyboards
Greg Lake – bass, guitars, vocals
Carl Palmer – drums, percussionProductionGreg Lake – producer
Andy Hendriksen – engineer
Peter Granet – engineer
Michael Ross – package concept and design
Carl Dun – photography
6th Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (6 RAR) is a mechanised infantry battalion of the Australian Army. It was originally raised in Brisbane, Queensland, on 6 June 1965 and has since then served in a number of overseas deployments and conflicts including South Vietnam, East Timor, Iraq and Afghanistan. During the Vietnam War, the battalion earned a US Presidential Unit Citation from the United States when members from 'D' Company participated in the Battle of Long Tan on 18–19 August 1966. The battalion is currently based at Gallipoli Barracks in Brisbane and forms part of the 7th Brigade.
6 RAR was raised on 6 June 1965 at Alamein Barracks at Enoggera in Brisbane, Queensland, when a cadre of officers and non-commissioned officers (NCOs) and two rifle companies were transferred from 2 RAR to form the nucleus of the new battalion. The battalion was then brought up to full strength when an intake of 250 national servicemen marched-in in September 1965. The battalion's complement of platoon commanders was rounded out shortly after this with the arrival of six Scheyville graduates.The battalion's first commanding officer was Lieutenant Colonel Colin Townsend, DSO, while Warrant Officer 1 George Chinn, DCM, came from the Special Air Service Regiment (SASR) based at Campbell Barracks in Perth as its first regimental sergeant major.  It was initially assigned to the 6th Task Force (which was later to become 6th Brigade). In early 1966, 6 RAR received orders to deploy to Vietnam as part of the expansion of Australia's forces there. In order to prepare for this, the battalion undertook lead-up training at the Jungle Training Centre at Canungra and then at the Shoalwater Bay Training Area before the advance party flew out for Saigon on 31 May 1966.
6 RAR served two tours to Vietnam as part of Australia's commitment to the Vietnam War. The first tour was between June 1966 and June 1967 and the second tour was between May 1969 and May 1970. 6 RAR departed for its first tour of Vietnam in May 1966 on HMAS Sydney, arriving at Vung Tau in time to celebrate the battalion's first birthday before moving to Nui Dat, in Phuoc Tuy province, where they joined 5 RAR as part of the 1st Australian Task Force (1 ATF).
Initial operations focused upon securing the task force base. After this was achieved 1 ATF began patrolling operations throughout the province in an effort to undermine the operations of the Viet Cong (VC) and North Vietnamese Army (NVA) units that were operating in Phuoc Tuy. Using tactics that the Australians had developed during the Malayan Emergency 1 ATF focused upon reducing the enemy's contact with the local population to deny them of their main source of sustainment and reinforcement; this was completed by carrying out cordon and search, and search and destroy operations. During this time 6 RAR carried out two major operations. The first operation was codenamed "Enoggera" and was focused upon clearing the village of Long Phuoc, while the second operation, "Hobart", was a search and destroy mission carried out over the course of five days. Several VC camps were destroyed in these operations and numerous caches of weapons and supplies uncovered, while 36 enemy casualties were inflicted.Between 16 and 18 August 1966, 6 RAR undertook Operation Smithfield, which was later to become known as the Battle of Long Tan. The battle began on the evening of 16 August when the Task Force base was attacked by a VC force using mortars and recoilless rifles. The next day 'B' Company was sent out to clear the area to the east of the base, before they were replaced by 'D' Company on the morning of 18 August. While performing a sweep through a rubber plantation, 'D' Company was contacted by a regimental-sized VC force and they were soon under attack from three sides. Under a torrential downpour and a thick mist that blanketed the plantation, the battle raged for over three hours as the 108 men from 'D' Company fought for their lives against a force estimated to be up to 2,500 men.
As the rest of the battalion mobilised to relieve the beleaguered 'D' Company, a patrol from 'B' Company were the first reinforcements to arrive. As the battle continued, a relief force from 'A' Company arrived at a critical moment, on board seven M113 armoured personnel carriers from 3 Troop, 1st Armoured Personnel Carrier Squadron and launched an attack on a VC battalion that had been forming up to launch an attack aimed at 'D' Company's rear. Enemy casualties as a result of this attack were heavy, having come at their flank, and as a result the VC units were forced to retire, leaving the Australians in command of the battlefield. The extent of the Australian victory was not known until the following day, however, when 245 bodies of dead enemy soldiers were counted in the plantation and the surrounding areas. It is believed that many more were also removed during the battle.Seventeen men from 6 RAR were killed, along with one from the 1st Armoured Personnel Carrier Squadron, during the fighting around Long Tan and later 'D' Company was awarded a US Presidential Unit Citation by the then President Lyndon B. Johnson. While the men of 'D' Company received this honour, the role of the other 6 RAR men in this battle should not be understated, nor should the contributions of the various Australian, New Zealand and American artillery units, as well as the bravery of the RAAF helicopter crews that flew through weather that would normally have grounded them to resupply the infantry on the ground.Following this 6 RAR continued to conduct patrolling and security operations throughout Phuoc Tuy as 1 ATF took on a larger role in the province. 6 RAR undertook a further seventeen operations, before being relieved by 2 RAR in May 1967. Having celebrated the battalion's second birthday on the voyage back to Australia aboard HMAS Sydney, 6 RAR arrived back in Brisbane on 14 June.
The Battalion returned to Vietnam for its second tour of duty on 19 May 1969, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel David Butler. Relieving 4 RAR, the battalion was re-designated as 6 RAR/NZ (ANZAC) due to the fact that there were two New Zealand rifle companies attached to them at this time, along with two mortar sections and two sections of assault pioneers. The main focus of 6 RAR's second tour was pacification operations, which essentially involved conducting operations designed to help create a situation of internal stability in order to allow the South Vietnamese government to take more control of the situation in the country. 6 RAR/NZ (ANZAC) carried out its first operation in this program between 30 May and 1 July 1969 when it launched Operation Lavarack. This operation involved the establishment of a number of fire support and patrol bases to the north of the main Task Force base at Nui Dat, from where company sized patrols commenced large-scale reconnaissance-in-force missions. Lavarack proved to be very successful and the battalion was involved in some 85 contacts with the VC during this time, resulting in over 102 VC killed and at least 22 wounded.Over the course of the rest of the tour, 6 RAR conducted a further fourteen operations, and as they began to dominate their area of operations they were increasingly called upon to provide support to a number civil community reconstruction projects and assist in the training of local South Vietnamese forces. As a result of the battalion's efforts, by the end of their tour the enemy presence in their area of operations had been so badly weakened that they were forced to operate in small groups only, engaging the Australians in combat only when it was necessary to survive. On 18 August 1969, the battalion conducted a ceremony on the site of the Battle of Long Tan to dedicate a memorial (known as the Long Tan Cross) to the engagement.6 RAR's last operation of the war was Operation Townsville, which was conducted between 23 March and 24 April 1970. A search and destroy mission that was carried out in the north-eastern regions of Phuoc Tuy province, the operation resulted in a huge coup for the Australians when they captured the operational signals codes and one-time cipher pads used by the VC headquarters in charge of the Ba Long province.  In May 1970, 6 RAR was relieved by 2 RAR and returned to Australia shortly afterwards.Australia's commitment to the Vietnam War came to an end before the battalion was called upon to deploy for a third tour. Total 6 RAR casualties for both tours were 61 killed and at least 148 wounded. Balanced against this, in its second tour the battalion was credited with having killed 60 VC, wounded at least another 64 and captured a further 51. Members from the battalion received the following decorations: two Distinguished Service Orders, seven Military Crosses, four Distinguished Conduct Medals, six Military Medals, three British Empire Medals, one Queen's Commendation, and 23 Mentions in Despatches.
The battalion was based in Singapore between July 1971 and December 1973 as part of the airportable 28th ANZUK Brigade, which was a mixed British/Australian/New Zealand infantry force that succeeded the "28th Commonwealth Infantry Brigade Group" in providing a presence in defence of neutral Malaysia and Singapore from external attack. Within this formation, 6 RAR served as a rapid reaction force to meet Australia's Southeast Asia Treaty Organization obligations and was involved in defending ANZUK Brigade assets in Singapore. Initially, the battalion's personnel consisted of a mixture of National Servicemen and Regular Army personnel, many of whom had seen combat service in Vietnam, although national service was abolished in December 1972. During its deployment, it participated in a number of tri-national exercises in Johore; it also rotated its rifle companies through Butterworth Air Base, situated in north-western Malaysia as a ready reaction force known as Rifle Company Butterworth, a commitment made by Australia under the Five Power Defence Arrangements (FPDA), to support Malaysia which was fighting against a communist insurgency. During its deployment, the battalion was based first at Selarang Barracks and then later at Kangaw Barracks and Nee Soon, and it had two commanding officers during this time: Lieutenant Colonel David Drabsch and then Lieutenant Colonel John Healy.In April 1974, the battalion having returned to Enoggera from Singapore, received a new commanding officer Lieutenant Colonel Tony Hammett who established an unofficial parachute role. Hammett encouraged soldiers throughout the battalion to undertake parachute training, and in the short-lived role, in September formed a airborne company group for Exercise Strikemaster held at Shoalwater Bay training area. That same year, the battalion also provided assistance to the civil community in response to Cyclone Tracy, undertaking clean up tasks in Darwin. In early 1980, 'D' Company was reorganised as a parachute company group and in April 1981 conducted its first full scale deployment in Exercise Distant Bridge to Ross in Tasmania. D Company continued in this role until December 1983 relinquishing it to 3 RAR. As a result of shortcomings in the capability of the Australian Defence Force were highlighted in the wake of the 1987 Fijian coups d'état, the battalion was trained in the amphibious role. In April 1989, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel David Mead, the battalion took part in the combined arms Exercise Caltrop Force in California, during which it undertook amphibious operations in US Marine AAVP7s. Later, in February 1992, 6 RAR began conversion to a motorised organisation and added a Ready Reserve company later the same year. It reverted to an integrated-regular/reserve battalion in February 1997 and trialed the experimental Army 21 organisation.
On Anzac Day 2000 6 RAR relieved 5/7 RAR at Balibo in East Timor, commencing a six-month tour of duty on the western border as part of Operation Tanager. Heavy rain in March had resulted in widespread flooding throughout the border region which had continued into May, however, by June the rivers had subsided and reports of incursions across the border from West Timor by pro-Indonesian militias were received, prompting 6 RAR to conduct extensive patrol operations throughout their tactical area of operations. Through a program of intensive active patrolling and tracking, surveillance, blocking and other security operations the battalion came to dominate the western border regions. However, during May and June there were a number of attacks on 6 RAR's positions.Over the course of the deployment the battalion was involved in nine separate contacts, with a number of 6 RAR personnel being wounded. In one of these incidents, Sergeant David Hawkings was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal following an attack on 'B' Company's base at Aidabasalala on 21 June 2000.As a result of these and attacks on other UN personnel including the attack that resulted in the death of a New Zealand soldier on 24 July, on 6 August RAR began a number of high-tempo operations to counter the activities of the militia in their area of operations. On 2 August, following intelligence reports that indicated that the militia were once again tracking the Australians, trackers found signs of further militia infiltration near Maliana. A platoon from 'A' Company, along with a number of troopers from the SASR were sent out to investigate, conducting a patrol about six kilometres from Maliana.Further signs of infiltration were found by the lead section and as the scouts tracked the footprints of the militiamen through a dried creek bed they discovered some empty food packets and old cigarette butts, confirming the presence of militia in the area. As the platoon harboured up for a short halt, a sentry on one of the machine guns that had been sited for all round defence spotted a group of three militiamen patrolling along the creek bed and interpreting this as an act of aggression under the ROE governing the deployment he opened fire, hitting the lead militiaman with about twenty rounds from the LSW, killing him.As the sentry began to engage a second target, a large of volume of fire began to pour in on the Australian position as a previously unseen group of militia joined in the engagement, returning fire while the first group began to withdraw. In an effort to cut off their withdrawal, the Australian platoon launched a quick attack on the militia positions, however, they were unable to prevent the militia from escaping. After the engagement, a second dead militiaman was discovered.Four days later, on 6 August 2000, 6 RAR was involved in two more contacts, the first near Batugade and the second once again near Maliana. As a result of these contacts three militiamen were wounded, one of whom was captured. After this the militia turned their focus to other areas of operations, focusing mainly on the New Zealand area, where on 10 August, four Nepalese soldiers were wounded in two separate incidents, one of whom eventually died of his wounds.Contacts with the militia continued throughout the deployment, however, as a result of the offensive carried out by 6 RAR, the battalion was able to maintain the tactical initiative and prevented the militia from achieving their stated aims of forcing the UN to withdraw from the country. Before they were relieved by 1 RAR in October 2000, the battalion also assisted in helping with the evacuation of UN and other personnel from Atambua in West Timor, as well as undertaking a host of CIMIC operations.
6 RAR returned to East Timor in November 2003 as part of Operation Citadel, taking over as AUSBATT IX from 1 RAR. The task force consisted of just two rifle companies plus an armoured personnel carrier troop from the 2nd/14th Light Horse Regiment, a troop of Blackhawk helicopters from the 5th Aviation Regiment, an engineering troop from the 2nd Combat Engineer Regiment, a CIMIC team from the 1st Field Regiment and a surgical team from the 2nd Health Support Battalion.The threat level in the country at the time was considerably less than the last time that 6 RAR units had deployed there, however, due to a decrease in the number of troops deployed and an expansion of the area in which they were required to operate, meant that the companies had to maintain a very high operational tempo throughout the seven-month tour.  During this time they were largely deployed in AO Matilda, in the Bobonaro district, although they also had to cover the Liquica, Ermera, Ainaro, Cova Lima and Oecussi districts. This area had a population of over 400,000 people and had previously been covered by three full battalions.This rotation was the last deployment under Operation Citadel. It was also the longest, a factor which led to the rotation of the force three months in.  Advanced elements from 'D' Company deployed first, arriving ahead of the take over time in October. They were then followed by 'C' Company and then finally 'A' Company.  Later in the deployment, as the other national forces that were deployed in Timor were drawn down, the battalion task force incorporated a Fijian company, leading to the battalion being renamed the WESTBATT. The force was commanded initially by Lieutenant Colonel Glen Babington and then later, in 2004, by Lieutenant Colonel Shane Caughey.Due to the size of the area in which they were operating, a system of forward operating bases was established at Moleana, Aidabaleten and Gleno. From these bases the task force undertook a range of tasks including a mixture of highly visible peacekeeping operations, as well as less visible, clandestine surveillance tasks along the border. In June 2004 the AUSBATT/WESTBATT was withdrawn from East Timor and 6 RAR returned to Australia.In November 2006, elements of 6 RAR were deployed to Timor Leste (as East Timor had become) as part of Operation Astute. This time they deployed alongside a platoon from 4 RAR, a company from 1 RAR, and 'G' Company which was a battery from the 16th Air Defence Regiment that had been re-roled as an infantry company.
Elements of 6 RAR have deployed to Iraq three times as part of the SECDET based in Baghdad. The first deployment was from 'A' Company as part of SECDET 6 in 2004, followed by elements from 'C' Company which deployed on SECDET 7 in 2004–05. The last rotation was SECDET 12, which was based around elements from 'D' Company and deployed from September 2007 to March 2008.A motorised combat team from 6 RAR was also deployed to Southern Iraq in support of Overwatch Battle Group West 4, OBG(W)4 from 4 November 2007 to June 2008. The deployment was led by the 2nd/14th Light Horse Regiment and operated in two different provinces.
The battalion deployed to Afghanistan as part of Operation Slipper in 2010, with 6 RAR forming the basis of a 750-strong combined arms battle group consisting of infantry, engineers, cavalry, artillery and logistic elements drawn from the Brisbane-based 7th Brigade, known as the 1st Mentoring Task Force (MTF-1). Based at Forward Operation Base Ripley outside of Tarin Kowt, it was involved in counter-insurgency operations in Uruzgan province in conjunction United States, Dutch and other coalition forces, operating from a number of patrol bases in the Mirabad, Baluchi and Chora valleys.Initially commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Jason Blain, the task force arrived in late January 2010 and was tasked with partnering the 4th Brigade, 205th Corps of the Afghan National Army. Blain subsequently handed over command to Lieutenant Colonel Mark Jennings on 21 June. MTF-1 operated throughout the province, with their area of operations extended west into the Tangi Valley following the Dutch withdrawal in August. Elements of the task force were later involved in heavy fighting at Derapet in Deh Rahwod on 24 August 2010.During an eight-month deployment, the task force conducted over 1,700 patrols involving more than 560 small-arms fire incidents, and located over 100 improvised explosive devices (IEDs) and more than 250 weapons and explosives caches. Involved in sustained operations, MTF-1 suffered nearly 40 battle casualties, including six killed in action, the majority from IEDs. Returning to Australia in October and November 2010, it was later awarded a Meritorious Unit Citation (MUC) in 2011 Queen's Birthday Honours. On 20 November 2010, MTF-1 marched through Brisbane's central business district along with other deployed units from the 7th Brigade, as the returning soldiers were officially welcomed home in the biggest such parade since the end of the Vietnam War.On 1 November 2012 Corporal Daniel Keighran from 6 RAR was the Victoria Cross for Australia for his actions in Afghanistan during the Battle of Derapet on 24 August 2010. His award was the first to a member of the Royal Australian Regiment.
In 2017 the battalion commenced the transition to the mechanised role with the adoption of the M113AS4 Armoured Personnel Carrier.The battalion currently consists of:
Battalion Headquarters
3 Rifle Companies – 'A', 'B', and 'D'
Support Company
Logistics Support Company
Vietnam: Vietnam 1965–66, Long Tan, Binh Ba, Vietnam 1969–70.
The following officers have served as commanding officer of 6RAR. Rank and honours are as at the individual's time in command.
The following table lists the Regimental Sergeants Major of 6 RAR. Rank and honours are as at the individual's time in command.
Military history of Australia
Royal Australian Regiment
6 RAR Official Website
History of 6 RAR
The Major Arena Soccer League (MASL) is a North American professional indoor soccer league. The MASL features teams across North America, with teams playing coast-to-coast in the United States and Mexico. 
MASL is the highest level of arena soccer in North America. MASL players generally earn salaries ranging from $15,000–45,000 per season, but former USMNT and MLS star Landon Donovan earned as much as $250,000 to play one year in 2019.
The league was organized as the Professional Arena Soccer League on May 18, 2008, as an offshoot of the Premier Arena Soccer League (PASL-Premier), the largest amateur league in the United States. The league was originally nicknamed "PASL-Pro" to distinguish it from PASL-Premier.In 2011, it was announced the professional league would officially be referred to as simply PASL, while the amateur league would still be referred to as the PASL-Premier. The first league game was played on October 25, 2008, in front of a crowd of 3,239 at the Stockton Arena, in Stockton, California, with the California Cougars defeating the Colorado Lightning 10–5.On March 17, 2014, one day after the 2013–2014 Major Indoor Soccer League Championship finale, United Soccer Leagues President Tim Holt announced "a number" of teams would not be returning to MISL the following year. In April 2014 it was officially announced that six teams (Baltimore Blast, Milwaukee Wave, Missouri Comets, Rochester Lancers, St. Louis Ambush, and Syracuse Silver Knights) joined PASL for the 2014–2015 season.The league announced a change in its name from the Professional Arena Soccer League to the Major Arena Soccer League (MASL) on May 18, 2014. This represents a merging of the MISL and PASL names. MASL fielded 23 teams for the 2014–15 season.
In February 2016, the current owner of the Baltimore Blast, Ed Hale, announced his intentions to leave the MASL and form a new league, the Indoor Professional League. Hale was later announced as the chairman of the league, and Sam Fantauzzo, former owner of the Rochester Lancers, was announced as the first commissioner of the league. The St. Louis Ambush, Baltimore Blast, and Harrisburg Heat announced plans to join, along with the expansion Florida Tropics SC. In July 2016, the MASL was reformed as a new not for profit entity 501(c)6, a new entity separate from the previous MASL, LLC.
In August 2016, the new MASL announced that the Blast, Heat, and Ambush would return to the MASL while the Tropics would join the MASL as an expansion team. This effectively ended the IPL split with the MASL.
In a repeat of the 2015-16 Newman Cup the Baltimore Blast would go on to once again defeat Soles de Sonora 2–1.
In October 2017 it was officially announced the Major Arena Soccer League 2 (M2) would launch in December 2017. The M2 serves as the developmental league for the MASL. The initial lineup of this league consisted of former MASL clubs Chicago Mustangs, Waza Flo, the reserve teams for the Ontario Fury, San Diego Sockers, former PASL clubs, and new expansion teams.
In the 2018–19 season, the MASL saw an influx of players to the arena game with past MLS experience, headlined by the additions of Landon Donovan to the San Diego Sockers, Jermaine Jones to the Ontario Fury, and Dwayne De Rosario with the Mississauga MetroStars.
Like many sports leagues, the MASL ended its regular 2019–20 season early because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In May, the league announced that it was looking at conducting its playoffs in a centralized location.
On July 20, 2020, the MASL launched a new semi-professional/amateur developmental league known as M3 (Major Arena Soccer League 3) set to kickoff in 2021.  The anticipated conferences expected to play were to be in the North East, Mid-Atlantic, South East, Great Lakes,  Central North, Central South, Heartland Conference, Mountain North, Mountain South, Southwest, Pacific North, and Pacific South regions.  The Omaha Kings FC, Sunflower State FC, Grand Rapids Wanderers FC and Muskegon Risers SC were announced as the first members of the league.  However, the Risers were dropped from M3 and replaced by the Springfield Demize and Wichita Wings 2.  The Kings captured the first M3 Winter Season Championship in February 14, 2021.
Notes
1 – Dallas suspended operations following the 2016–17 season; they rejoined the league for the 2018–19 season.2 – Monterrey suspended operations following the 2014–15 season; they rejoined the league for the 2017–18 season. Monterrey suspended operations following the 2020–21 season Due to COVID-19.3 - Tacoma moved down to the PASL-Premier for the 2013–13 season, played in the WISL in the 2014–15 season and then rejoined the MASL near the end of the 2014–15 season (in 2015) replacing the Seattle Impact.4 - Sonora suspended operations following the 2017–18 season; they rejoined the league for the 2019–20 season. Sonora suspended operations following the 2019–20 season due to COVID-195 - Rochester joined in 2014 and then suspended operations in 2015; in 2018, the Lancers re-joined in the MASL2, and rejoined the MASL for the 2019–20 season.
* Does not include 28 games where attendance was not reported.  The PASL 2008–09 regular season consisted of 86 games total.
** Does not include 8 games where attendance was not reported. The PASL 2009–10 regular season consisted of 95 games total.
*** Does not include 10 games where attendance was not reported.  The PASL 2010–11 regular season consisted of 94 games total.
****  Due to COVID-19 only 17 out of 41 games this season where attendance was recorded. In the Ron Newman Cup Playoffs only 5 out 14 games recorded attendance.
The official game ball was made by Puma SE through the 2016–17 season. Starting in the 2017–18 season, Mitre became the official ball sponsor of both the MASL and M2.
Select 2018-2019 MASL matches were broadcast on Eleven Sports Network in the United States.
Some matches are also broadcast regionally throughout the United States.
All matches since 2016–2017 season are archived on MASLtv, the MASL's YouTube Channel
Joshua Schaub
Ryan Cigich - Head of MASL Officials
Jon Ramin – Vice-President of Operations 
Jeff Husted – Digital Content, Media/Public Relations
Jeff Menard -  Director of Corporate Partnerships
Jesse Meehan - Operations Manager
Lane Smith (Tacoma) – President
Bernie Lilavois (Ontario) – Vice-President
Shelly Clark (St. Louis) – Secretary
Phil Salvagio (San Diego) – Treasurer
Mike Zimmerman (Milwaukee) – Member-at-Large
MASL official website
World Minifootball Federation
Mackie International (originally known as James Mackie & Sons) was a textile machinery engineering plant and foundry in Northern Ireland until 1999. At its height, James Mackie & Sons was one of the largest employers in Belfast. “Mackie's”, as they were known locally, were a major supplier of munitions during World War II.
The company was founded by James Scrimgeour in the 19th century but he got into financial difficulties and in 1858 the company was taken over and renamed by his manager, James Mackie.  It was still owned and run by the Mackie family until the early 1970s at which time the family gave the company to its employees to be run as a workers cooperative.  With hindsight, the Mackies may have seen the future of British manufacturing and engineering and decided to cut their losses.  The decision came not long after a major industrial dispute and prolonged strike which may also have influenced their thinking.
In 1955 the company built a factory in India for the manufacture of machinery for jute mills.  This was taken over by the Government of India in 1978.  Through various changes it still exists as Lagan Engineering Company Ltd, a joint venture with the Government of India.United States President Bill Clinton made a speech at the Belfast site in 1995, addressing a mixed audience in light of the beginning of the Northern Ireland peace process. In 2001 the Industrial Development Board bought the site for redevelopment, which resulted in the Springvale Business Park.
WMUW (88.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Columbus, Mississippi. The station is owned by Mississippi University for Women, and airs a variety format.The station was assigned the WMUW call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on January 16, 2006.
WMUW went on the air September 28, 1981, at 11 a.m. The station aired a full-service format featuring jazz, big band, and classical music, along with news programming and syndicated fare from the Longhorn Radio Network of the University of Texas at Austin; it broadcast with an effective radiated power of 980 watts. WMUW operated as part of the Division of Communication of the university after a 1982 schoolwide reorganization. By 1984, it was broadcasting 18 hours a day and known among students as "88-Plus". The station's first license, however, expired; according to the June 11, 1998, letter from the Federal Communications Commission, the action came as a result of WMUW's failure to transmit in twelve straight months, which occurred because the station's tower was down. The university immediately applied for a new construction permit, which was awarded in 2005; the license to cover was awarded in 2008.
Official Website
FCC Public Inspection File for WMUW
WMUW in the FCC FM station database
WMUW on Radio-Locator
WMUW in Nielsen Audio's FM station database
"Parking Lot" is a song recorded by American rock band Blink-182. The song was released on March 16, 2017 through BMG Rights Management, as a promotional single for the deluxe edition of the band's seventh studio album California. It was written by bassist Mark Hoppus, drummer Travis Barker, guitarist Matt Skiba, and producer John Feldmann.
Commercially, "Parking Lot" only charted in the U.S., where it peaked at number 34 on Billboard's Hot Rock Songs chart.
"Parking Lot" was among the last songs the group developed when working on a deluxe reissue for California. Upon listening to the set, the trio decided it was lacking in high-energy, upbeat songs. Bassist Mark Hoppus came up with the idea for the song reminiscing on his youth, and conceptually centered the song around parking lots, viewing them as a quintessentially suburban spot. "Whether it's your first kiss or break-up with a girl, or you hang out with your friends, or even receive a phone call with the best or worst news of your life [...] Some of the most important moments in your life can happen in a parking lot."
Musically, the song is a pop punk anthem using power chords predominantly. Alex Robert Ross from Vice compared its guitar line to the band's work on Enema of the State, their 1999 breakthrough LP. Barker drums in a fast and syncopated pattern, accompanied by "frenetic" drum fills. The track later moves to a "heavy"-sounding breakdown. Its chorus has been described as very catchy; Jon Blistein from Rolling Stone likened it to a "giddy sugar rush."In the first verse, Skiba recalls drinking on a train to Chicago, spending ten dollars to see the punk group Naked Raygun perform at the Metro, a famed music venue in the city. Skiba refers to it by its former name, the Cabaret Metro. Hoppus begins his verse recounting times spent with friends skateboarding in the parking lot of a Target retail store. He then moves to a narrative of sneaking into a lover's home to spend time together, referencing the groups Violent Femmes and the Smiths as bands they enjoy.In the chorus, Hoppus and Skiba put themselves in the place of "forgotten young" suburban kids, aimlessly wandering Californian streets. Thematically, this connects to subject matter the trio frequently explored in their early work. At the end of each chorus, the band repeat the hook "na na na". Its hook of "fuck this place, let's put a parking lot" has been compared to Joni Mitchell's 1970 single "Big Yellow Taxi", which uses a similar lyric in a close key and melody.
Jon Blistein of Rolling Stone commended the "blistering" anthem that celebrates "the most adolescent activity: petty loitering". Alex Robert Ross from Vice praised the song and Skiba's contribution: "The key is that Skiba's voice works better here than it did almost anywhere else on California, crackling a little in the middle range." Brandon Friederich, staff writer for Maxim, called it a "rollicking return to form" for the trio.
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
Lyrics of this song at MetroLyrics
David Fullerton (October 4, 1772 – February 1, 1843) was an American politician from Pennsylvania who served as a Democratic-Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 5th congressional district from 1819 to 1820.
David Fullerton was born in the Cumberland Valley of the Province of Pennsylvania, near Greencastle to Humphrey and Martha (Mitchell) Fullerton.  He is the uncle of David Fullerton Robison, the U.S. Congressman from Pennsylvania.  He served in the War of 1812 with the rank of Major.  He settled in Greencastle and engaged in mercantile pursuits and banking.
Fullerton was elected as a Republican to the Sixteenth Congress and served until his resignation on May 15, 1820.  He was not a candidate for renomination.  He resumed mercantile pursuits and banking.
He served as an Anti-Masonic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 15th district from 1827 to 1838 and the 14th district from 1839 to 1840.  He died in Greencastle in 1843 and was interred in Cedar Hill Cemetery.
United States Congress. "David Fullerton (id: F000416)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress.
The Political Graveyard
Ezéchiel Nibigira is the current Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Burundi. He was previously Ambassador of Burundi in Kenya and leader of the youth wing of Burundi's ruling party CNDD-FDD. He was also a Member of Parliament representing Bujumbura rural where he chaired Burundi's parliament's Finance committee. Prior to his current post Nibigira was head of Burundi's customs as well as imports and exports. During President Pierre Nkurunziza's 2010 elections campaign, Nibigira was a chief campaign manager. Nibigira earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business from Hope Africa University.
Sternbergia schubertii is a rare and quite possibly extinct flowering plant species known only from one specimen collected in Izmir, Turkey, in 1839.
Egyházasdengeleg is a village in Nógrád County, Hungary with 464 inhabitants (2015).
Peter James Armitage  (23 October 1939 – 30 November 2018) was an English television and stage actor best known for his role as Bill Webster on long-running soap opera Coronation Street. He was a regular on British screens from the 1970s onwards.
Armitage was born out of wedlock in Skipton, West Riding of Yorkshire, where he was brought up primarily by his aunt until the age of 10, when his mother married. He did not meet his father, who was German, until he was 28, and the two did not form a long-term relationship. Armitage attended Glusburn secondary modern school, then was apprenticed to a firm building diesel engines for five years. He subsequently spent a further four years in the Merchant Navy before settling in London, where he worked as a banksman on the construction of the Victoria line. He then trained as an actor at the East 15 Acting School in Loughton, Essex.
Armitage had three spells as the character Bill Webster on Coronation Street, appearing in the role in 1984–1985 (for six months), then from 1995 to 1997 and again from 2006 to 2011. He had previously appeared as a different character playing a painter and decorator in two episodes in 1977. In 2014 Armitage stated in an interview that he hoped to return to the series after successfully battling bowel cancer.His other TV credits include The Befrienders, Couples, Jack the Ripper and Hearts and Minds. He also appeared in Lucky Feller, a short-lived sitcom starring David Jason. In 1998, played Danny Ormondroyd in a stage adaptation of the film Brassed Off at the Sheffield Crucible and London’s Olivier Theatre.
Armitage married actress Annabel Scase in 1970; the couple had two children, Daniel and Sally, and later divorced.Armitage lived in Cross Hills, North Yorkshire and subsequently in Cononley near Skipton. He was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours for services to amateur theatre in Yorkshire.
Armitage died of a heart attack on 30 November 2018, aged 79. He was survived by his children.
Peter Armitage at IMDb
Yellow Pages commercial on YouTube
The Buccaneer is a 1958 pirate-war film made by Paramount Pictures starring Yul Brynner as Jean Lafitte, Charles Boyer and Claire Bloom. Charlton Heston played a supporting role as Andrew Jackson, the second time that Heston played Jackson, having portrayed him earlier in the 1953 film The President's Lady.  The film was shot in Technicolor and VistaVision, the story takes place during the War of 1812, telling a heavily fictionalized version of how the privateer Lafitte helped in the Battle of New Orleans and how he had to choose between fighting for America or for the side most likely to win, the United Kingdom.
The movie's supporting cast featured Inger Stevens, Henry Hull, E. G. Marshall, Lorne Greene, Ted de Corsia, Ed Hinton, Douglass Dumbrille and Majel Barrett. (Ty Hardin was uncredited). Anthony Quinn directed the film.Possibly as a film tie-in, Johnny Horton had a big success at the time with his version of the song The Battle of New Orleans.
Yul Brynner as Jean Lafitte
Claire Bloom as Bonnie Brown
Charles Boyer as Dominique You
Inger Stevens as Annette Claiborne
Henry Hull as Ezra Peavey
E. G. Marshall as Gov. William C. C. Claiborne
Charlton Heston as Gen. Andrew Jackson
Lorne Greene as Mercier
Ted de Corsia as Capt. Rumbo
Douglass Dumbrille as Collector of the Port
Sir Lancelot as Scipio
Robert Warwick as Capt. Lockyer
Paul Newlan as Capt. Flint
Norma Varden as Madame Hilaire
Onslow Stevens as Phipps
James Seay as Creole Militia Officer
Henry Brandon as British Major
Mike Mazurki as Tarsus
Madame Sul-Te-Wan as Vendor
Ken Terrell as Pirate
Majel Barrett as Townswoman #1
Ty Hardin as Soldier (Uncredited)
Cecil B. DeMille as Himself (uncredited)
The Buccaneer's budget was $6 million. $1.2 million was given for the promotion of the picture. Quinn was given five stars, fifty-five featured actors, 100 bit actors, 12,000 extras, 60,000 props, $100,000 worth of antique furniture, Spanish moss, and cypress trees.
Claiborne's only surviving daughter, Sophronie (or Sophronia) Louise Claiborne, was only two years old at the time of the battle. The romance with Lafitte is complete fiction.
The interactions between Jackson and Lafitte, including the seemingly-dramatized but actually-accurate depiction of Lafitte sneaking into Andrew Jackson's window, Lafitte and the British Royal Navy officers, as well as between Jackson and the "leading citizens" of New Orleans, are accurate.  About those scenes, screenwriter Jesse L. Lasky Jr. said that "the actual historic events in question are themselves so over the top that all I really had to do was line up the dialogue, and even then only some of it."  He added, "The only real job was shoe-horning a romance into it."
The film is a remake of the 1938 film of the same name, which starred Fredric March and Akim Tamiroff (Boyer played Tamiroff's role in the remake). The earlier version was produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille, but he was seriously ill by the time the 1958 version was made, so he was only the executive producer of the remake, leaving his then son-in-law, Anthony Quinn, to direct. It was the only film that Quinn ever directed. Henry Wilcoxon, DeMille's longtime friend, who made frequent appearances in his films, was the actual producer, and DeMille received screen credit as "supervised by Cecil B. Demille", though students of his films would probably find that his touch is obvious throughout the film.
Staff writers for Variety wrote in their review: "Continuity-wise, Buccaneer is a scrambled affair in the early reels. Open to question, also, are the story angles in the screenplay which derives from a previous Buccaneer scenario put out by DeMille in 1938 and, in turn, from an adaptation of the original book, Lafitte the Pirate, by Lyle Saxon." In his book, Success in the Cinema Money Making Movies, John Howard Reid, states most reviews of the film left out the director's name, Quinn, like Time and Newsweek. The Time review states: "What (Henry) Wilcoxon and Quinn have produced is just a half-deflated imitation of the old man at his overblown best." The Newsweek review stated without criticizing anyone: "two hours of the most pretentious nonsense to lay claim to a moviegoer's spending money."
The Buccaneer was released in New York City theatres during Christmas week of 1958. The film was released on DVD ON February 28, 2012, by Olive Films.
The Buccaneer at IMDb
The Buccaneer at AllMovie
The Buccaneer at Rotten Tomatoes
This is a list of archives in Australia.
Archives of the Australian Museum
National Archives of Australia
National Film and Sound Archive
Australian Lesbian and Gay Archives
Australian Archives of the Dance
Australian Data Archive
Australian Trade Union Archives
National Gallery of Australia Research Library
National Library of Australia
Archives Office of Tasmania
J.S. Battye Library of West Australian History
Northern Territory Archives Service
Public Record Office Victoria
State Library of Tasmania
State Library of Victoria
Queensland State Archives
State Records Authority of New South Wales
State Records of South Australia
State Records Office of Western Australia
City of Sydney Archives
Adelaide City Archives
Geelong Heritage Centre
Australian National University Archives
University of Canberra Lu Rees Archives
University of Melbourne
University of New South Wales
ACT Heritage Library
Noel Butlin Archives
Pandora Archive
Archive of Australian Judaica
List of archives
List of museums in Australia
Culture of Australia
Titanium adhesive bonding is an engineering process used in the aerospace industry, medical-device manufacture and elsewhere. Titanium alloy is often used in medical and military applications because of its strength, weight, and corrosion resistance characteristics.  In implantable medical devices, titanium is used because of its biocompatibility and its passive, stable oxide layer.  Also, titanium allergies are rare and in those cases mitigations like Parylene coating are used.  In the aerospace industry titanium is often bonded to save cost, touch times, and the need for mechanical fasteners.  In the past, Russian submarines' hulls were completely made of titanium because the non-magnetic nature of the material went undetected by the defense technology at that time.  Bonding adhesive to titanium requires preparing the surface beforehand, and there is not a single solution for all applications. For example, etchant and chemical methods are not biocompatible and cannot be employed when the device will come into contact with blood and tissue.  Mechanical surface roughness techniques like sanding and laser roughening may make the surface brittle and create micro-hardness regions that would not be suitable for cyclic loading found in military applications.  Air oxidation at high temperatures will produce a crystalline oxide layer at a lower investment cost, but the increased temperatures can deform precision parts.  The type of adhesive, thermosetting or thermoplastic, and curing methods are also factors in titanium bonding because of the adhesive's interaction with the treated oxide layer.  Surface treatments can also be combined.  For example, a grit blast process can be followed by a chemical etch and a primer application.
Aluminium oxide or Alumina and Silicon carbide are most commonly used to prepare titanium for epoxy bonding.  Alumina has a hardness of 9 on the Mohs scale while silicon carbide has a hardness of just under that of diamond.  Alumina particle sizes in the 10 to 150 micron range are used depending on the workpiece geometry and blasting capabilities.  Silicon carbide particles are typically in the 20 to 50 micron range with texturing occurring at a faster pace than alumina.  When silicon carbide hits the titanium surface the operator will see sparks as is common with titanium surfaced golf drivers when they hit the ground surface.  Care must be taken if sensitive electronic assemblies are housed within the titanium enclosure.  Electrostatic discharge can be mitigated with point ionizers or grounding features in the tools.  Glass beads media are used less commonly.  They come as spherical particles in the 35-100 micron range. They are a 6 on the Mohs scale and are oftentimes used with water to create a hydrohone slurry.  When applied to commercially pure titanium material they will stress relieve the assembly, typically after welding, and create a satin-like finish perfect for laser marking of labels.  The surface is also suitable as preparation for assemblies prior to vapor deposition of Parylene coating.
Surface roughness is achieved through the use of a blasting nozzle propelled by compressed air.  The focus and velocity of the media created by the nozzle can be varied depending on the roughness requirements and repeatability.  Surface roughness measured using Ra, Sa and Sdr is used to characterize the media application and the adhesive bonding strength.  Typical Ra values for commercially pure titanium are between 0.2 and 0.75 micro meters.  The surface roughness can be tailored to the epoxy viscosity and curing conversion. The roughened surface is rinsed with process water or an alkaline cleaner and is often sealed with a primer application like Silane A-187 or alkoxide.  Application of the primer can be achieved through manual means, like a brush.  It can also be sprayed on the roughened surface or the whole assembly can be dipped in a primer solution and cured.  On commercially pure titanium surfaces that have been roughened with silicon carbide, a silane primer will darken the surface allowing for verification of application.
Implantable medical devices are often manufactured in a cleanroom environment.  Typical cleanroom ratings are within the ISO-7 and ISO-8 range or between class 10k and 100k.  Abrasives and their application cannot be housed in such cleanrooms.  If pass through windows are not available then laser roughening is a good option.
Laser roughening of titanium surfaces for epoxy bonding is a good option when abrasives and chemical agents are restricted in the manufacturing area.  The process is also more repeatable and consistent than the often manual abrasive blasting.  Other advantages over abrasives are touch time and maintenance.  The drawback of laser roughening is the cost of the equipment and tooling.  Also, the laser will heat the material depending on its power output and number of passes. It will remove material from the surface and create regions of hardened material that get relocated within the surface. Neodymium doped yttrium aluminum garnet (Nd:YAG), CO2, green, femtosecond lasers can be used depending on the workpiece and adhesion requirements.  YAG or fiber laser markers that anneal the titanium surface are the low cost solution while the femtosecond laser is on the high end of the cost scale. Surface roughness of laser roughened surfaces is best measured using a three-dimensional scanning laser microscope or a non-contact profilometer.  XPS and SEM analysis of alloyed titanium, like grade 5, will show the segregation of the aluminum and vanadium.  Oftentimes, the laser roughening is done in ambient conditions with or without argon shielding gas.  Ambient elements that play no role in bonding like carbon and nitrogen can be ignored from the surface analysis.  Laser roughening of grade 5 titanium will show that the vanadium will segregate to the bulk of the alloy and appear at the surface with an increased oxygen level. Lap shear tests have shown that this segregation does not affect surface adhesion.  The increase of laser power has shown to increase oxidation of grade 5 titanium which has been correlated to increase bond strength.  Also, producing alumina at the surface has shown to improve bonding.  Dimples created by multiple laser pulses increase the surface area for adhesion, but the center of the topography will have reduced oxide formation because of the laser-induced plasma.   Depending on the grade of titanium and the adhesive used, the laser parameters of power, frequency, and pattern can be tailored to the loading requirements and the aforementioned surface elemental beneficial conditions.  Unwanted metal oxide can occur when higher laser powers and multiple passes are employed.  These can be removed with a lower powered laser pass or a titanium brush, post roughening.  The grain size will affect the surface roughness, hardness, and wettability of the surface.  On grade 2 titanium, a smaller grain structure improved these surface prep characteristics. As with abrasives, a silane primer application is used to seal the laser roughened surface.   
Prior to these treatments a solvent degreaser should be used with an alumina grit blast to remove unwanted oxides on the surface.  A 1982 study at the Naval Air Development Center compared 11 etchant, chemical and anodizing preparations on grade 5 titanium samples.  Once bonded, these samples were exposed to 56 days of 140 degrees F and 100% relative humidity.  Crack growth was measured at preselected intervals.  The results showed that chromic acid anodizing with fluoride, etchants Turco 5578, Pasa Jell 107C – hydrohone, Pasa Jell 107M – dry hone, Dapcotreat 4023/4000 and alkaline peroxide were superior to phosphate fluoride preparations.Turco 5578-L is a commonly used etchant and alkaline cleaner for titanium.  It is produced by Henkel Technologies and comes in a liquid form so concentrations can be easily modified.  It is an anisotropic etchant that avoids hydrogen embrittlement. When used on Grade 5 titanium it will produce an oxide layer 17.5 nm thick and a surface roughness of 3.4 um total height profile (Rt).In a chromic acid treatment the anodization is typically done at 5 or 10 volts.  The 1982 study referred to above stated that the 5 volt performed better than the 10 volt as a function of average crack opening.  In the Review of preparation for Ti, Critchlow and Brewis state that the 10 volt anodize showed better durability results.  The 10 volt anodize can produce a columnar and cellular oxide layer with a thickness between 80 and 500 nm. The pores and whiskers produced can be penetrated by selecting a low viscosity adhesive, like a 3M 1838 epoxide resin or an Epo-Tek 301 epoxy. The surface oxide can be compromised if it is subjected to high temperatures, above 300 °C, and humidity prior to bonding.Pasa Jell wet and dry hone are chemical etchants produced by Semco.  They create oxide thicknesses of 10-20 nm.  It is recommended to degrease the titanium surface and remove any corrosion by way of sanding and/or grit blasting prior to application.  Typical application times are 10–15 minutes followed by a rinse with tap water. Application of a corrosion inhibiting primer like BR-127 has shown to produce adhesive joints comparable to ones produced by the chromic acid anodizing process.
Statistics of Swiss National League A in the 1989–90 football season.
It was contested by 12 teams, and Grasshopper Club Zürich won the championship.
1989 Klötzli incident
Switzerland 1989–90 at RSSSF
West Didsbury is a tram stop on the South Manchester Line (SML) of Greater Manchester's light-rail Metrolink system. It opened to passengers on 23 May 2013, in West Didsbury, South Manchester, England.The Metrolink stop sits some 300m south east of the former heavy rail station of the Midland Railway, which opened 1 January 1880 as Withington; was renamed on 1 July 1884 to Withington and Albert Park; renamed again on 1 April 1915 to Withington and West Didsbury; and closed 3 July 1961. The route was earmarked for redevelopment with a light rail system during the 1980s, and was confirmed and funded as part of Metrolink's Phase 3b of expansion in 2006.
12 minute service to Shaw and Crompton, with double trams at peak times;
12 minute service to Rochdale Town Centre, with double trams at peak times;
6 minute service to East Didsbury, with double trams at peak times.
Withington and West Didsbury railway station opened in 1880 as "Withington" when the Midland Railway opened its new Manchester South District Line out of Manchester Central Station. The station was renamed "Withington & Albert Park" in 1884 and then "Withington & West Didsbury" in 1915.The station closed in July 1961, although local services to other stations on the Manchester South District line continued to pass through until January 1967, and express trains continued to use this route until 1969, when the entre line was closed as part of the Beeching cuts. By the 2000s, the original cobbled station approach road and wall were still visible off Lapwing Lane, and the remains of the station platforms could still be seen at the bottom of the overgrown embankment.
In 1984, Greater Manchester Council and GMPTE announced the Project Light Rail scheme to develop a new light rail/tram system by re-opening use of disused railway lines in the region, including the route through West Didsbury. The first phase of the Manchester Metrolink system opened in 1992, but it was not until 2013 that the network was expanded to reach as far as East Didsbury, as part of Phase 3b of the Metrolink expansion project. Tram tracks were laid along the former trackbed and a new tram stop was constructed in the railway cutting on the opposite side of Palatine Road from the original railway station. The West Didsbury Metrolink stop opened on 23 May 2013.
Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies' Committee
Midland Railway
Didsbury railway station
"Withington & West Didsbury Station (1880-1961)". Disused Stations. Retrieved 23 October 2020.
"Map of West Didsbury Metrolink Stop" (PDF). GMPTE. 2009. Archived from the original (PDF) on 11 June 2015. Retrieved 6 November 2017.
Metrolink stop information
West Didsbury area map
This is a list of seasons completed by the Brooklyn Nets professional basketball team. The Nets were founded as the New Jersey Americans in 1967, a charter franchise of the American Basketball Association (ABA). A year later, the club relocated to Long Island, New York, and were renamed as the New York Nets. There, behind the play of Hall of Famer Julius Erving, the team won its only two ABA championships: in 1974 and 1976. After the 1975–76 season, the ABA merged with the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the Nets were one of four franchises that joined the NBA. After a season of being the second team to represent the state of New York (the other being the New York Knicks), the team moved back to New Jersey and was renamed as the New Jersey Nets.
In the NBA, the Nets have experienced only one period of sustained success, from the 2001–02 season to the 2006–07 season, when led by Jason Kidd they played in the postseason every year and twice reached the NBA Finals, but lost to Shaquille O'Neal-led Los Angeles Lakers in 2002 and then to Tim Duncan-led San Antonio Spurs in 2003. After 35 seasons in New Jersey, owner Mikhail Prokhorov moved the team to the New York City borough of Brooklyn to become the Brooklyn Nets.
As of the end of the 2018–19 season
"Brooklyn Nets Franchise Index". Basketball Reference. Retrieved December 6, 2018.
Claude Jean Migeon (1923 – March 4, 2018) was a French pediatric endocrinologist who spent the majority of his career at the Johns Hopkins Hospital.
Migeon was born in 1923 in Lievin, France, to Andre Migeon, a printer, and Pauline Descamps. While simultaneously working with the French Resistance during the German occupation of France in World War II, he earned a bachelor's degree from the Lycée de Reims in 1942. He obtained his medical degree from the University of Paris in 1950. He did further postdoctoral work in biochemistry at the University of Paris and trained in pediatrics at the Hôpital des Enfants Malades.
Migeon received a Fulbright Scholarship in 1950 which allowed him to travel to the United States, where he studied under Lawson Wilkins at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore. Migeon worked as a fellow alongside Wilkins for two years before taking on a three-year research project with biochemist Leo T. Samuels at the University of Utah School of Medicine. He then returned to Johns Hopkins, and when Wilkins retired in 1960, Migeon was appointed co-director of the pediatric endocrinology division with Robert M. Blizzard. Migeon became the sole director when Blizzard left in 1974, and held the role until 1994. He retired in 2016, becoming a professor emeritus at Johns Hopkins.Migeon's research focused largely on steroid metabolism and adrenal function. He was also interested in disorders of sex development including congenital adrenal hyperplasia and androgen insensitivity syndrome. In 1950, he became the first person to treat congenital adrenal hyperplasia with cortisone, which then became the standard of care for that condition. With gynaecologist Howard W. Jones and sexologist John Money, he established the first gender identity clinic at Johns Hopkins in 1965. Migeon and Robert Blizzard founded with Lawson Wilkins Pediatric Endocrine Society in 1972, and Migeon served as the society's founding president. By 1978, having published over 300 articles, Migeon was considered one of the world's most-cited scientists at the time. His research earned him numerous awards including the Endocrine Society's Robert H. Williams Distinguished Service Award in 1991 and the European Society of Pediatric Endocrinology's International Award in 2015.He was married to Barbara Migeon, an award-winning American geneticist.
This is a list of Law Clerks and Parliamentary Counsel of the House of Commons of Canada.
Philippe Dufresne - February 2015 -
Richard Denis (acting) – 2014–2015
Richard Fujarczuk - May 2013 - February 2014
Richard Denis (acting) – 2012– 2013
Robert R. Walsh – 1999–2012
Marcel R. Pelletier – 1983–1991
Joseph Maingot – 1971–1982
Paul Maurice Ollivier – 1952–1970
Arthur Angus Fraser – 1938–1952
Arthur Gordon Troop – 1926–1936
Paul Maurice Ollivier – 1925–1952
Arthur Gordon Troop – 1924–1925
Joseph K. Foran – 1923–1924
Francis A. Gisborne – 1914–1922
A.H. O'Brien – 1909–1914
Frederick Augustus McCord – 1890–1908
William Wilson – 1887–1890
Gustavus W. Wicksteed – 1867–1887
Officers and Officials of Parliament
Dimizonops is a monotypic genus of Asian crab spiders containing the single species, Dimizonops insularis. It was first described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1903, and is found on Socotra.
List of Thomisidae species
The Corrente River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranã River.
List of rivers of Goiás
Brazilian Ministry of Transport
The Hangsackgrat (2,634 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located south of Weisstannen in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range east of Piz Sardona, that separates the Weisstannental from the Calfeisental.
Hangsackgrat on Hikr
Blackout: Tomorrow Will Be Too Late is a disaster thriller book by the Austrian author Marc Elsberg,  described by Penguin Books as "a 21st-century high-concept disaster thriller".Published in German in 2012, as of 2016 it had been translated into fifteen languages and sold a million copies worldwide. The English version was published in 2017.The novel is about a European power outage due to a cyberattack. For realism the book is written on the basis of interviews with intelligence and computer security officials.
The novel starts with a collapse of electrical grids across Europe, plunging the population into darkness and disaster. The prolonged electricity cut causes major problems: no more petrol, no telephone, no food in supermarkets, no cash machines working, nuclear disasters, etc. A former computer hacker and IT professional tries to find out the root cause for this. While doing so he himself becomes a hunted person as officials find suspicious e-mails sent from his laptop and think that he is involved.
The novel is currently being adapted into a miniseries starring Moritz Bleibtreu, directed by Oliver Rihs and Lancelot von Naso and is scheduled to begin filming in fall 2020.
Societal collapse
Cyberwarfare
Smart meter § Security
Official website
Blackout (Marc Elsberg at TEDxBerlin)
This is a list of songs which reached number one on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 chart in 2005.
2005 in music
Larry M. James (born 1950) is an American social worker and the current President and CEO of CitySquare located in Dallas, Texas.
James was born in Spokane, Washington and grew up in Richardson, Texas, where his father served as the city secretary. He served in a New Orleans Church of Christ ministry while attending New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary before returning to the Dallas area. He served as the senior minister for the Richardson East Church of Christ in Richardson, Texas for 14 years. James took leadership of CitySquare in 1994, while it was still known as Central Dallas Ministries.
B.A. Harding University (1972)
M.A. Harding School of Theology (1973)
M.Div. New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary (1977)
M.A. Tulane University (1986)
The Wealth of the Poor, Abilene, Texas: Abilene Christian University Press, 2013. ISBN 978-0-89112-380-4.
Larry is married to Brenda. They have lived in inner city Dallas, Texas since 1999.
Kejdonia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
Species within the genus Kejdonia include:
Kejdonia cachiai (Mifsud, 1998)
Mifsud C. (1998). Pseudographis cachiai n. gen. & n. sp. , and Cima melitensis n. sp. : two new species of Heterostropha (Mollusca, Gastropoda) from the Maltese islands. La Conchiglia 286: 25-29
Oberling, J.-J. (1971). Quelques taxa nouveaux ou mal compris de microgastéropodes méditerranéens. Naturhistorisches Museum Bern. Kleine Mitteilungen. 2(3): 1-8
Gofas, S.; Le Renard, J.; Bouchet, P. (2001). Mollusca. in: Costello, M.J. et al. (eds), European Register of Marine Species: a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification. Patrimoines Naturels. 50: 180-213
To World Register of Marine Species
The Leibniz Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal devoted to scholarly examination of Gottfried Leibniz’s thought and work. It publishes contemporary articles and reviews, as well as original Leibniz texts. The Leibniz Review is sponsored by the Leibniz Society of North America and edited at Ohio State University in Mansfield, Ohio. Subscriptions and access are provided by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the International Bibliography of Periodical Literature, the Leibniz-Bibliographie, The Philosopher's Index, PhilPapers, and Scopus.
List of philosophy journals
Official website
Alto Longá is a municipality in the state of Piauí in the Northeast region of Brazil.
List of municipalities in Piauí
180 Degrees South: Conquerors of the Useless, or simply 180° South, is a 2010 documentary directed by Chris Malloy that covers the journey of Jeff Johnson as he travels from Ventura, California to Patagonia, Chile retracing the 1968 trip that Yvon Chouinard and Doug Tompkins took in their Ford E-Series Econoline Van. After finding footage of the 1968 expedition, Johnson decided to make climbing the Corcovado Volcano in Patagonia as his life goal and, after speaking to Chouinard and Tompkins, planned his own journey.
The subtitle of the film comes from Lionel Terray's mountaineering autobiography,  Les Conquérants de l'inutile (1961).
The film emulates the 1968 trip made by Yvon Chouinard and Doug Tompkins to Patagonia, but rather than by land, Jeff Johnson travels by sea from Mexico and south along the west coast of Chile. The film opens with original home movie footage as taken by Chouinard and Tompkins, and then continues with Johnson's own footage, in which he includes surfing, sailing and climbing as the film follows Johnson signing on with a small boat heading for Chile, his being delayed for several weeks on Easter Island, his meeting travel partner Makohe, and in his reaching Patagonia, Johnson meeting with Chouinard and Tompkins. The film concludes with his attempt to climb Cerro Corcovado (the Corcovado volcano), an attempt that was halted 200 feet from the summit out of concerns for safety.
Yvon Chouinard
Doug Tompkins
Kris Tompkins
Jeff Johnson
Keith Malloy
Makohe
Timmy O'Neill
The film debuted February 10, 2010 at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival, followed in April 2010 by limited theatrical release, as well as festival screenings at the Newport Beach International Film Festival. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in June 2010, followed by additional festival screenings in September 2010 at the Asbury Park Independent Film Festival, in November 2010 at the Banff Film Festival and Save the Waves Film Festival. The film had theatrical release in Japan in January 2011.
Seattle Post Globe wrote "180° South is a thinking person’s adventure film, one that stimulates the mind rather that the adrenal gland," in that it "is not one of those extreme sports movies set to heavy metal music in which daredevils boast of pitting themselves against nature."  The reviewer notes that while the film instead has a message of conservationism, the director "does not pitch this conservation message in a fit of hysterical propaganda, as have the directors of so many ecological horror documentaries on topics ranging from global warming to the corn syrup in our peanut butter."  He writes "The regard for the planet shown in 180° South comes from the quiet, philosophical  nature of the people profiled in the film, who realize there is more adventure in the preservation of nature than in its conquering."Minneapolis Star-Tribune praised the film by writing "If you are this close to chucking it all in, packing your bags and going vagabond, by all means do not see "180° South." Director Chris Malloy's eco-tourist documentary could stoke your wanderlust to the point of no return."  They noted that the cinematography tended to meander at times and did not allow the viewer to learn much about Johnson himself, but that the film began to "brighten" after Johnson meets with Chouinard and Tompkins at the wildlife preserve that Tompkins founded in Patagonia in 1991.Spectrum wrote that the beginning of the film was deceptive in that its initial "Conversations of high adventure spliced between footage of rock climbing, surfing and mountaineering may easily trick the viewer into thinking this is a film about extreme sports," but that the "main clue that hints at a different purpose is the chill sound track."  They expanded that it was not until after Johnson's unscheduled delay on Easter Island that viewers "first learn what 180° South is most obviously about," when "the theme of ecological conservation is played out in conversations about national parks, hydro-electric dams, indigenous wildlife, sustainable farming, consumerism, commercial fishing, reforestation and even development models."  They note that the final two-thirds of the film shares the "intrinsic tension between conservation on the one hand and the mass-produced technological innovations that make the trip and film possible on the other".The Washington Post writes "Chris Malloy's film strikes so deeply into the heart of Patagonia's wilderness we come to feel at home there".
Official website
180° South at IMDb
180 South at Rotten Tomatoes
180° South at Metacritic
180° South at AllMovie
Saudia Roundtree (born October 4, 1974 in Anderson, South Carolina) is an American women's basketball coach, and also a former star player. Roundtree attended Westside high School in Anderson, South Carolina, where she was named a High School All-American by the WBCA. She participated in the inaugural WBCA  High School All-America Game in 1992, scoring ten points. She began her collegiate career at Kilgore College, where she captured National Junior College Player of the Year honors in 1994.  She later transferred to the University of Georgia, where she was named an All-American and the Naismith College Player of the Year, USBWA Women's National Player of the Year, and WBCA Player of the Year in 1996. In 1996, Roundtree was named to the Final Four All Tournament team. Roundtree also received the Espy Award in 1997 for the Best Female College Basketball Player.  She obtained a degree in sociology from Georgia.
After leaving UGA, Roundtree played three seasons in the American Basketball League, two with the Atlanta Glory and one with the Nashville Noise, and was an ABL All-Star.  She started her coaching career at Morris Brown College in 2001 and then was the head women's basketball coach North Carolina A&T University from 2002 to 2005.  Roundtree spent 2005 on the coaching staff at the University of Alabama before becoming an assistant coach at University of Central Florida in 2006.
Source
Roundtree competed with USA Basketball as a member of the 1995 Jones Cup Team that won the Bronze in Taipei. Roundtree averaged 3.0 points per game and had eleven assist, tied for second highest on the team.
University of Alabama press release
University of Central Florida press release
Setopus is a genus of gastrotrichs belonging to the family Dasydytidae.Species:
Setopus abarbita (Visvesvara, 1964)
Setopus aequatorialis Kisielewski, 1991
Setopus bisetosus (Thompson, 1891)
Setopus chatticus (Schwank, 1990)
Setopus dubius (Voigt, 1909)
Setopus iunctus Greuter, 1917
Setopus lemnicola Schwank, 1990
Setopus primus Grünspan, 1908
Setopus tongiorgii (Balsamo, 1983)
The Lund Chamber Choir (Swedish: Lunds Kammarkör) is a mixed choir from Lund, Sweden. The choir was founded by Eva Svanholm Bohlin in 1983 and she remained the choir's conductor until 2003. Between 2004 and 2011 the choir was led by Håkan Olsson Reising; in 2011 Daniel Åberg was elected as the new conductor of the Lund Chamber Choir. For a long time, the choir was associated to the Cathedral School of Lund, but is independent today. It is used as a representation choir at the Lund Cathedral.
Most often, the Lund Chamber Choir performs a cappella, and the repertoire comprises music from the Renaissance to the present. However, it has also performed orchestral choir works such as Mozart's Requiem and Handel's Messiah. The latter was given in 2009 at Holy Trinity Sloane Street in London together with soloists and orchestra from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
The choir has toured in Europe, Asia, and the United States of America and has successfully participated in several choir competitions. During recent years, the Lund Chamber Choir has given concerts e.g. at the American Choral Directors Association's Convention in Saint Louis in 2006, in Stockholm in 2007, Torrevieja in Spain in 2009, and Oxford and London in 2009.
Nu stige jublets ton (Swedish Christmas music) (1997)
La luna asoma
I Afrodites trädgård (2008)
The website of Lund Chamber Choir
The website of Lund Chamber Choir (in English and Swedish)
This is a list of state prisons in Wisconsin. It does not include federal prisons or county jails located in the state of Wisconsin.
Chippewa Valley Correctional Treatment Facility (formerly Highview; inmate operating capacity 450)
Columbia Correctional Institution (capacity 541)
Dodge Correctional Institution
Fox Lake Correctional Institution
Green Bay Correctional Institution
Jackson Correctional Institution (capacity 988)
Kettle Moraine Correctional Institution
Milwaukee Secure Detention Facility (capacity 1040)
New Lisbon Correctional Institution (capacity 1010)
Oakhill Correctional Institution (capacity 688)
Oshkosh Correctional Institution
Prairie du Chien Correctional Institution (capacity 424)
Racine Correctional Institution (capacity 1798)
Racine Youthful Offender Correctional Facility (capacity 927)
Redgranite Correctional Institution
Stanley Correctional Institution (capacity 1550)
Sturtevant Transitional Facility (capacity 304)
Taycheedah Correctional Institution (women's prison, capacity 898)
Waupun Correctional Institution
Wisconsin Secure Program Facility
The correctional centers system contains 16 relatively small minimum-security facilities, two of those for female inmates.
Black River Correctional Center (capacity 114)
Drug Abuse Correctional Center (capacity 300)
Felmers O. Chaney Correctional Center (capacity 100)
Flambeau Correctional Center (capacity 80)
Gordon Correctional Center (capacity 80)
John C. Burke Correctional Center (capacity 280)
Kenosha Correctional Center (capacity 115)
Marshall E. Sherrer Correctional Center (capacity 58)
Milwaukee Women's Correctional Center (women's prison, capacity 112)
McNaughton Correctional Center (capacity 102)
Oregon Correctional Center (capacity 120)
Robert E. Ellsworth Correctional Center (women's prison, capacity 333)
Sanger B. Powers Correctional Center (capacity 70)
St. Croix Correctional Center (capacity 120 male and 12 female)
Thompson Correctional Center (capacity 120)
Winnebago Correctional Center (capacity 250)
Wisconsin Department of Corrections
The stock of plug-in electric passenger cars in Canada in use totaled 141,060 units at the end of 2019, consisting of 78,680 all-electric cars and 62,380 plug-in hybrids. Sales totaled 50,960 units in 2019.The Chevrolet Volt was the top selling plug-in hybrid, with cumulative sales of 13,619 units through December 2017, and the Tesla Model S was the top selling all-electric car with 6,731 units as of December 2017.Quebec is the regional market leader in Canada, with about 11,000 plug-in electric cars registered as of September 2016, of which, 55% are plug-in hybrids. Registrations in the province totaled 3,100 units in 2015, representing a market share of 0.7% of new car sales, and 45% of total Canadian plug-in electric car sales that year.
Purchase incentives for new plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs) were established in Ontario consisting of a rebate between CA$5,000 (4 kWh battery) to $8,500 (17 kWh or more), depending on battery size, for purchasing or leasing a new PEV after July 1, 2010. The rebates were available to the first 10,000 applicants who qualify. The province also introduced green-coloured licence plates for exclusive use of plug-in hybrids and battery electric vehicles. These unique green vehicle plates allow PEV owners to travel in the province's carpool lanes until 2015 regardless of the number of passengers in the vehicle. Also, owners are eligible to use recharging stations at GO Transit and other provincially owned parking lots.Quebec began offering rebates of up to $8,000 beginning on January 1, 2012, for the purchase of new plug-in electric vehicles equipped with a minimum of 4 kWh battery, and new hybrid electric vehicles are eligible for a $1,000 rebate. All-electric vehicles with high-capacity battery packs were eligible for the full $8,000 rebate, and incentives were reduced for low-range electric cars and plug-in hybrids. Quebec's government earmarked  $50 million for the program, and the maximum rebate amount was set to be slowly reduced every year until a maximum of $3,000 in 2015, but the rebates would continue until the fund runs out. There was also a ceiling for the maximum number of eligible vehicles: 10,000 for all-electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids, and 5,000 for conventional hybrids.In November 2013, the provincial government announced its decision to earmark in 2014 an additional $65 million to fund a three-year extension to the electric-vehicle rebate program. The maximum rebate was kept at $8,000, but a graded scale was introduced in order to spread the incentive over 10,000 or more vehicles. Quebec's government also set the goal to deploy 12,500 more electric vehicles in the province by 2017, consisting of 10,200 consumer cars, 325 taxis, and 2,000 government-fleet vehicles. Also, incentives were issued for "greening" 525 taxis, aimed to introduce 325 plug-in vehicles (275 plug-in hybrids and 50 all-electrics) and 200 conventional hybrids. The purchase incentives start at  $20,000 for battery-electric taxis, $12,000 for plug-in hybrids, and $3,000 for conventional hybrids, with the rebate declining over time. The province planned to also subsidize the deployment of charging stations for taxis.In October 2016, the National Assembly of Quebec passed a new zero emission vehicle legislation that obliges any carmaker who sells in the Canadian province more than 4,500 new vehicles per year over a three-year average, to offer their customers a minimum number of plug-in hybrid and all-electric models. Under the new law, 3.5% of the total number of autos sold by carmakers in Quebec have to be zero emissions vehicles (ZEV) starting in 2018, rising to 15.5% in 2020. A tradable credit system was created for those carmakers not fulfilling their quotas to avoid financial penalties. The quotas will be determined by Quebec's Ministry of Sustainable Development. Quebec became the first Canadian province to pass such legislation, joining ten U.S. states, including California, that have similar ZEV laws. Quebec aims to have 100,000 zero emission vehicles on the road by 2020. Initially, the provincial government set the goal in 2011 to have 300,000 plug-in vehicles on the roads by 2020.In 2011, British Columbia announced the LiveSmart BC program which will start offering rebates of up to $5,000 per eligible clean energy vehicle commencing on December 1, 2011. The incentives will be available until March 31, 2013 or until available funding is depleted, whichever comes first. Available funds are enough to provide incentives for approximately 1,370 vehicles. Battery electric vehicles, fuel cell vehicles and plug-in hybrids with battery capacity of 15.0 kWh and above are eligible for a $5,000 incentive. Also effective December 1, 2011, rebates of up to $500 per qualifying electric vehicle charging equipment will be available to B.C. residents who have purchased a clean energy vehicle.
In its 2021–22 budget, the province of Saskatchewan announced that all electric vehicles will be subject to an annual road usage fee of $150 per-year effective October 2021, because electric vehicles do not contribute to fuel taxes that are used to fund highway maintenance. The tax has faced criticism for deterring electric vehicle ownership.
In January 2009, Hydro-Québec and Mitsubishi signed an agreement to test 50 i-MiEV, at the time, the largest pilot test of electric cars in Canada ever. The test's goal was to allow a better understanding of winter usage of the technology. BC-Hydro and Mitsubishi had previously tested a three-vehicle fleet in British Columbia. In October 2010, Transport Canada and Mitsubishi Motor Sales of Canada announced a partnership to test the Mitsubishi i-MiEV. Transport Canada's ecoTECHNOLOGY for Vehicles (eTV) Program tested two i-MiEVs in government facilities and in a variety of real-world conditions. This program aim was to evaluate the i-MiEV road performance and range. Retail sales of the i-MiEV began in December 2011,The Nissan Leaf roll-out in Canada began with fleet customers on July 29, 2011, and deliveries to individuals began in late September 2011. As of December 2011, the Leaf was sold only through 27 Leaf-certified dealers for the entire country, and sales were limited to customers who live within a 65 km (40 mi) radius of one of those dealers. Cumulative sales through December 2014 reached 1,965 units, and, as of December 2014, the Leaf ranked as the top selling all-electric car in the country.
Retail sales of the Tesla Model S began in 2012, with 95 cars delivered that year. A total of 638 units were sold in 2013, and cumulative sales reached 1,580 units through December 2014, allowing the Model S to rank as the second best selling all-electric car in the country. During 2014 the BMW i3, Kia Soul EV, BMW i8 and Porsche 918 Spyder were introduced in the Canadian market. The top selling models in 2015 were the Tesla Model S with 2,010 units, followed by the Chevrolet Volt with 1,463, the Nissan Leaf with 1,233, the BMW i3 with 367, and the Kia Soul EV with 318. In 2015, the Model S passed the Nissan Leaf as the all-time best selling all-electric car in Canada.The all-electric Renault Twizy 40 low-speed quadricycle was certified by Transport Canada in March 2016, and was scheduled to be released on the Canadian market by mid-2016.British Columbia is the only place in the country where it is legal to drive a low-speed vehicle (LSV) electric car on public roads, although it also requires low speed warning marking and flashing lights. Quebec is allowing LSVs in a three-year pilot project. These cars will not be allowed on the highway, but will be allowed on city streets.
There were 18,451 highway legal plug-in electric cars registered in Canada as of December 2015, of which, 10,034 (54%) are all-electric cars and 8,417 (46%) are plug-in hybrids. These figures include some used imports from the U.S. Until 2014 Canadian sales were evenly split between all-electric cars (50.8)% and plug-in hybrids (49.2%).The Chevrolet Volt, released in 2011, is the all-time top selling plug-in electric vehicle in the country, with cumulative sales of 6,387 units through May 2015 (representing over 30% of all plug-in cars sold in the country). Ranking second is the Tesla Model S with 4,160 units sold through April 2016, followed by the Nissan Leaf with 3,692 units delivered as of May 2016. The Model S was the top selling plug-in electric car in Canada in 2015 with 2,010 units sold.A total of 1,969 plug-in cars were sold in 2012, up from 521 in 2011. Sales climbed 57.7% in 2013 to 3,106 units, and in 2014 were up 63.0% from 2013 to 5,062 units, reaching cumulative sales of 10,658 plug-in cars through December 2014. The market share of the plug-in electric car segment grew from 0.03% in 2011, to 0.12% in 2012, and reached 0.27% of new car sales in the country in 2014. Cumulative sales reached the 30,000 unit mark in January 2017.The following table presents new car sales by year of all the highway-capable plug-in electric cars available in Canada between 2011 and December 2015.
The Paragon was an automobile built in Detroit, Michigan by the Detroit Automobile Manufacturing Company from 1905-07.  The Paragon was a small two-seater weighing only 650 pounds.  It was equipped with a 0.7 liter, two-cylinder 5 hp engine.
G.N. Georgano (1968). The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars, 1885 to Present.
Kiba Lumberg, real name Kirsti Leila Annikki Lumberg (born May 27, 1956), is a Finnish artist and author of Finnish Kale descent. She is known as a critic of the traditional Roma culture.
Lumberg was born in Lappeenranta.  She ran away from her family in the age of 13 because of fear, violence and subjugation. Many of her works are inspired by her childhood experience. Lumberg gained nationwide publicity in 1997 when a television mini-series of the traditional Kale life, based on her screenplay, titled Tumma ja hehkuva veri, was shown on television. In 2007 Lumberg received death threats after criticizing the Romani culture on television.Along with other prominent members of the Finnish Roma community, Lumberg, percussionist Rainer Friman (fi) and author Veijo Baltzar, criticised Miranda Vuolasranta, President of the European Roma & Traveller Forum, accusing her of downplaying problems and excluding critical voices. In 2008 Vuolasranta was forced to pay a fine after Lumberg accused her of defamation of character.Lumberg was candidate for the Left Alliance in Finnish Parliament elections in 2007 and in 2009 to European Parliament.
Film Roman is an independently owned American animation company. It was originally owned by Starz Inc., which is now a division of Lionsgate, and later by Waterman Entertainment, the production company of producer Steve Waterman. Founded by veteran animator and director Phil Roman in 1984, it is best known for providing animation for the Garfield primetime specials, based on Jim Davis' comic strip of the same name. The studio also produced the animated series The Simpsons, King of the Hill, and Family Guy.
Phil Roman, veteran alumnus of MGM Animation/Visual Arts and Bill Melendez Productions, founded Film Roman in 1984 as a means to continue the production of the Garfield television specials, since Melendez's own studio was unable to work on both the Peanuts and Garfield specials. Peanuts executive producers Lee Mendelson and Bill Melendez and their aforementioned studio had produced the first two Garfield specials, but due to both Peanuts creator Charles M. Schulz' and Garfield creator Jim Davis' concerns about conflicting interests in allocating production priority at Melendez's boutique studio, the production had to be moved. While he was leaving him and Melendez for his already-established studio, Roman was offered the opportunity to produce the next Garfield prime time special, Garfield in the Rough (1984), for CBS by Mendelson, which he accepted and went on to produce and direct all by himself, winning an Emmy in the process.
In 1985, CBS' head of children's programming Judy Price had commissioned an animated television series based on the Garfield prime time special series, later ultimately titled Garfield and Friends, which took three years for Roman to decide developing and producing the program before it eventually aired on the network's Saturday morning time slot, premiering on September 17, 1988. The aforementioned show was Film Roman's first regular series. In 1986, in an effort to expand and diversify the studio, Roman hired Marvel Productions VP of Business Affairs and his own personal attorney, Michael Wahl, as President and Bill Schultz, Marvel's Director of Development, to join in the company as the fledgling studio's VP of Production and Development. Garfield and Friends was expanded to an hour on CBS' number one rated Saturday Morning block and the studio grew to increase its capacity.
In 1988, the new management team developed, sold and produced a new series, Bobby's World, to the brand new Fox Kids Network, headed up by former Marvel Productions president Margaret Loesch. In 1992 to 2016, Film Roman took over the source production of 20th Century Fox's The Simpsons from Klasky-Csupo who had produced the one-minute teaser cartoon shorts  on The Tracey Ullman Show as well as the animation for the first three seasons and the first two episodes of the fourth season (in total 61 episodes). The studio went on to grow and produce many popular animated series now seen all around the world.
In 2015, Film Roman was acquired from its parent company Starz Distribution by Waterman Entertainment, the production company of executive producer Steve Waterman. As such, it now does business with Starz, which owns the company's catalogue. When Waterman Entertainment closed on December 24, 2015, Film Roman became independent again.On November 22, 2016, the company formed a joint venture based in Tijuana, called Film Roman Baja J.V. (also known as Film Roman Baja Productions), with Boxel Studios, a Baja California-based animation facility.
The original studio was located on Riverside Drive in Toluca Lake, California, where Roman was also joined by Melendez producer Lee Mendelson. Years later, the studio moved to a new location on Chandler Blvd. in Studio City, before settling into another location at Starz Plaza on Hollywood Way in Burbank, which it shared with the former Hub Network and Hasbro Studios, and finally settling into its present location in Woodland Hills.
This Modern World by Tom Tomorrow (TBA)
Heathcliff (TBA)
The Untamed (TBA)Subcontracted from others:
for 20th Television/Animation:
for Marvel Animation:
with other studios:
Klutter (1995–1996) (as part of Eek! Stravaganza)
The Critic (1994–1995)
Mission Hill (1999–2002)
The Man Show (1999–2002) (animation)
The Oblongs (2001–2002)
Law & Order (2006) (visual effects)
The Goode Family (2009)
Beavis and Butt-Head (2011)Puppet/CGI shows:
The Mr. Potato Head Show (1998)
Tripping the Rift (2004–2007)
Garfield in the Rough (1984, the studio's inaugural production)
Garfield's Halloween Adventure (1985)
Garfield in Paradise  (1986)
Garfield Goes Hollywood  (1987)
A Garfield Christmas  (1987)
Happy Birthday, Garfield  (1988)
Garfield: His 9 Lives  (1988)
Garfield's Babes and Bullets  (1989)
Garfield's Thanksgiving (1989)
Garfield's Feline Fantasies (1990)
Garfield Gets a Life (1991)
The Pink Panther (1989) (unreleased live-action/animated pilot)
Nick & Noel (1993)
A Cool Like That Christmas (1994)
The Bears Who Saved Christmas (1994)
Izzy's Quest for Olympic Gold (1995)
The Story of Santa Claus (1996) (co-production with Arnold Sharpio and CBS Productions)
The Magic Pearl (1997)
Puss in Boots (1997)
Super Bowl XXXIII (1999) (The Simpsons short)
Johnny Tsunami (1999) (live-action)
Hairballs (2000) (Unsold TV series pilot created by Mr. Lawrence)
Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer (2000)
Motocrossed (2001) (live-action)
The Santa Claus Brothers (2001)
The Happy Elf (2005, co-production with IDT Entertainment)(TV)
Weebles: Welcome to Weebleville! (2005)(CGI)
Weebles: Sharing in the Fun! (2005)(CGI)
Hellboy: Sword of Storms (2006)
Hellboy: Blood and Iron (2007)
Turok: Son of Stone (2008, co-production with Classic Media and Starz Media)
Dead Space: Downfall (2008, co-production with Electronic Arts)
The Haunted World of El Superbeasto (2009) (Planned for theatrical release)
Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic "Prologue", "The Arrival", "Entry to Hell" (2010, co-production with Electronic Arts)
Dead Space: Aftermath (2011, co-production with Electronic Arts)
Tom and Jerry: The Movie (1992, co-production with Turner Entertainment Co., distributed by Miramax Films and LIVE Entertainment)
My First Mister (2001) (co-produced with Total Film Group; distributed by Paramount Classics)
The Simpsons Movie (2007, produced by 20th Century Fox and Gracie Films, co-animation with Rough Draft Studios, AKOM, Rough Draft Korea and Rough Draft Feature Animation)
Second Time Around (2002)
Hellraiser: Hellseeker (2002)
Daredevil (2003)
The Fallen Ones (2003)
I, Robot (2004)
Demon Hunter (2005)
All Souls Day (2005)
What's the Meaning of Love (2005)
Voodoo Moon (2006)
Slayer (2006)
Jackass Number Two (2006)
The Thirst (2006)
Haunted Prison (2006)
Sands of Oblivion (2007)
Rush Hour 3 (2007) (trailer)
Illegal Tender (2007)
Hairspray (2007) (trailer)
The Great Buck Howard (2008)
Sex and the City (2008) (trailer)
Speed Racer (2008)
Secrets of the Furious Five (2008)
Get in Line (Barenaked Ladies music video)
Frijolero (Molotov music video)
The Simpsons Game (2007, produced by Electronic Arts) (cutscenes only)
The Simpsons Ride (2008, amusement simulator ride film produced for the attraction of the same name at Universal Orlando Resort and Universal Studios Hollywood)
The Simpsons: Tapped Out (2012, freemium mobile game produced for Fox Digital Entertainment and Electronic Arts) (cutscenes only)Commercials
Alpo
Ask Jeeves (2000) (five-minute branding reel)
Burger King (2001-2003)
Butterfinger (1992-1994, 1998-2001, 2007)
CC's (1998)
C.C. Lemon (2000-2002)
Embassy Suites Hotel
Expedia (2003)
Garfield Fruit Snacks
General Foods
Honey Nut Cheerios (1993) (Garfield ad only)
Matchbox (2002) (CGI sales presentation animated by Forum Visual Effects)
Microsoft (2003)
Mirinda (2005-2006, 2008)
Partnership for a Drug-Free America (2002)
RC Cola (1999)
SeaWorld (1998)
SHO Too (2002)
Toyota (1992-1993)
Trix (1991)
Charlie's Angels: Animated Adventures (2003)
Camp WWE (2016–present)
Official website
Film Roman at IMDb
Film Roman Productions  at the Big Cartoon DataBase
Don Sakers (1958 – May 17, 2021) was an American science fiction writer and fan who lived in Maryland, and wrote several novels and edited a short story collection. In 2009 he succeeded Thomas Easton as book reviewer for Analog Science Fiction and Fact magazine. Sakers is probably best known in the science fiction community as a frequent guest speaker at science fiction conventions.
When asked about the reaction to the diversity elements in his SF, Sakers said:
By and large, it seems to me that most SF fans are fairly comfortable with diversity. Part of this, I feel, comes from the common experience of being thought "weird" by the general populace.... Another reason that fans seem comfortable with diversity stems from the nature of Science Fiction itself. SF is often concerned with "the other" -- the alien being, the time traveler, the citizen of a totally different society. After you've wrapped your mind around the concept of falling in love with a silicon-based insectoid creature whose society is based on ritual cannibalism, a friendly chat with the black lesbian sitting next to you is easy to handle.
Sakers was the author of SF novels Dance for the Ivory Madonna (2002) and companion titles The Leaves of October (1988), A Voice in Every Wind (2003), Weaving the Web of Days (2004), and A Rose From Old Terra (2007);  and dark fantasy novel Curse of the Zwilling (2003).  He was also author of the short story "The Cold Solution" (Analog, 1991) and other short fiction. Sakers was editor of Carmen Miranda's Ghost Is Haunting Space Station Three (1990), an anthology of stories based on Leslie Fish's song of the same name; the SF Book of Days (2004); and the Gaylaxicon 2006 Sampler. Sakers was also the author of two gay young adult novels: Act Well Your Part (1986) and Lucky in Love (1988). Melissa Scott called him "a left wing Heinlein."A member of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America, he wrote numerous obituaries for their web site, including that of Lisa A. Barnett.
According to a Publishers Weekly review, Dance for the Ivory Madonna is about when;
it's 2042, and the U.S. has split into three nations; special interest groups have their own House in Congress; artificial intelligence has kicked humans out of cyberspace; and the African continent, a hotbed of technological advancement, is united under a contract government called Umoja. Making his way through this brave new world is a young African-American operative of a secret organization whose task is to avenge his father's murder and save humankind.
Sakers described the book as being about "a lot of things: friendship, toleration, a celebration of the creative spirit, a paean to unconventionality. It's about what's wrong with today's world, what's right with today's world, and what hope there is for the future. It's about how our technology affects us, and about the decisions we can make regarding those effects."Dance for the Ivory Madonna was a Spectrum Award finalist.
Sakers was guest of honor at the 1995 Gaylaxicon, and was a frequent guest speaker at other Gaylaxicons, Albacon, Arisia, and Boskone.
Sakers was born in Yokosuka, Japan, but grew up in the United States. He was openly gay and had diabetes and autism. He shared a home in Anne Arundel County, Maryland with his spouse, costumer Thomas Atkinson.  Their house, known as Meerkat Meade, was featured in Weird Maryland. His self-described "day job" was with the Anne Arundel County public library, where he worked for 42 years. Sakers was an active blogger.Sakers died of a heart attack on May 17, 2021, aged 62.
NovelsDance for the Ivory Madonna
Weaving the Web of Days
The Eighth Succession
Children of the Eighth Day
All Roads Lead to Terra (ebook only)
A Voice in Every Wind, (a collection of two short stories)
A Rose From Old Terra
The Leaves of October (started as a short story in August 1983's Analog, and was expanded as a novel in 1988)Short fiction"The Geas Ingenerate" in Galactic Creatures edited by Elektra Hammond.
Official web site
Scattered Worlds web site
Don Sakers at the Internet Speculative Fiction Database
Alangulam is a state legislative assembly constituency in Tenkasi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It includes the city, Alangulam Tenkasi district. It is part of the Tirunelveli Lok Sabha constituency.
"Statistical reports of assembly elections". Election Commission of India. Archived from the original on 5 October 2010. Retrieved 8 July 2010.
"The Big Sky" is a song by English singer-songwriter Kate Bush. Released in 1986, it was the fourth and final single to be released from her No. 1 album Hounds of Love. The single became another Top 40 hit for Bush, peaking at No. 37 on the UK Singles Chart.
The 7" single was released as the "Special Single Mix", which includes a different intro. This version appears as a B-side on the 1994 CD single "The Red Shoes". The 12" single includes an extended version of "The Big Sky" called the "Meteorological Mix".
The song is about remembering some of the simple pleasures enjoyed as children that most no longer find the time for, such as spending the afternoon looking at the sky, watching the clouds take on shapes.The B-side is a song called "Not This Time". The 12" single includes an additional B-side, "The Morning Fog", a track on the Hounds of Love album. The music video was directed by Bush herself. In 1987, "The Big Sky" was nominated for Best Female Video at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Kate Bush – vocals, Fairlight CMI, piano
Paddy Bush – didgeridoo
Alan Murphy – guitar
Martin Glover – bass guitar
Charlie Morgan – drums, handclaps
Del Palmer – LinnDrum programming, handclaps
Morris Pert – percussion
Come Wind is an indie rock quintet from northeast Ohio, United States.
The band was started in 2009. Quickly establishing themselves in their corner of Ohio, it wasn't long before Come Wind was playing in other states as well. Over the years, founding members Aaron Troyer and Ben Roth have released two EPs and various other singles independently. For its first full-length record, Move in Place, the band added Jon Robinson and Trevor Burke.
Aaron Troyer - vocals and guitar
Jon Robinson - vocals and guitar
Ben Roth - drums
Trevor Burke - bassThe group plays numerous tour dates annually throughout the US, writes original songs and performs as the opening act for well-known rock bands.
Wanderer, O' Wanderer EP (self-released, 2010)
Grow My Roots EP (self-released, 2012)
Move In Place LP (self-released, 2015)
"Bricks" 
"Rend Your Heart" (directed by Nathan Lundquist)
"Sleep" (directed by Nathan Lundquist)
"Clarity" (directed by Roman Luck)
The 2021 Formula Nordic season will be the ninth season of the single-seater championship, and the third independent of the STCC branding, following the formation of the series' own association in the wake of the STCC promoter's bankruptcy in 2018. 
Formula Nordic continues to use the previous Formula Renault 1.6 chassis and engines, as it used to go under the name of Formula Renault 1.6 Nordic before Renault Sport dropped its support for the 3.5 and 1.6 classes in late 2015. 
The season will begin on 18 June at Skellefteå Drivecenter Arena, and will conclude on 9 October at Ring Knutstorp after seven rounds. This season marked the start of a three season deal with Yokohama as the series' tyre supplier.
The season will start on the 18 June at Skellefteå Drivecenter Arena, and will conclude on 9 October at Ring Knutstorp after seven rounds. Like the previous season, the use of reversed grid races for the final race of the weekend, where the top 6 were inverted, was continued.
Qualifying points systemPoints are awarded to the top 5 fastest qualifying times.
Race points systemPoints are awarded to the top 10 classified finishers, no points are offered for fastest lap.
Two championships are held, the Junior Svenskt Mästerskap (JSM) for drivers under 26 years old holding a Swedish driver license, and the Formula Nordic Cup, the latter serving as the overall championship.
Official website
The San Jorge Gulf (Golfo San Jorge; Spanish for Gulf of St. George) is a bay in southern Patagonia, Argentina. It is an ocean basin opening to the Atlantic. Its shoreline spans Chubut and Santa Cruz province. The gulf measures approximately 142 miles (229 km) at its mouth and covers approximately 39 square kilometres (15 sq mi). It is located between Cape Dos Bahías and Cape Tres Puntas.
Due to its geography, more than 70% of the gulf's basin is between 70 metres (230 ft) and 100 metres (328 ft) deep. To the south it is about 50 metres (164 ft) 60 metres (197 ft) deep and in the north 90 metres (295 ft). The seabed was formed by bivalves and cirripedial remains, and it consists of mud, sand, gravel, and sand with carbonate.
The mean water temperature varies between 5.09 °C (41 °F) and 13.41 °C (56 °F); salinity is around 33000 ppm.
Approximately 90% of Chubut Province's inhabitants live on the coast of the gulf. Comodoro Rivadavia and Caleta Olivia are two larger cities along the coast. Each having ports with oil buoys and fishing facilities.The fishing towns of Camarones and the seaside resort Rada Tilly also lie along the gulf.
Comodoro Rivadavia is ranked within the national and international market as a center of lobsters and spider crabs. Numerous fishing ports function along the bay, as with wharves and marinas for sport fishing and related activities.
There is a very good quality metallurgy industry along the bay, much of it related to oil exploration and extraction. The non-conventional resource of a wind farm which provides energy is in its first stages of testing, and once passed, the system will totally be integrated to the main network.
The petroleum industry, based on value, is the most important activity along the bay. Oil was discovered here in 1903, and the area remains the nation's second most significant source of oil. The city of Comodoro Rivadavia is the hub of these activities along the bay, including refineries and other development and manufacturing facilities.
The typical shape of pumping equipment, commonly named "Pumpjack," can be seen along much of the plateau of Patagonia. These wells productions supply a large percentage of the national consumption, which has hovered around half a million barrels daily since the 1970s.
The production of oil and gas in the San Jorge Gulf covers 5% of the area's economy. The region is also working on alternative sources of energy such as wind power, hydrogen-based energy and a very incipient activity in the development of biofuel.
Wind power generation represents 16% of the energy supply that Comodoro Rivadavia requires. That is satisfied through 18 wind turbines located on Arenales Hill, 14 km (9 mi) away from Comodoro Rivadavia. The wind farm Antonio Morán is the largest in Argentina and the second largest in South America.
The issues regarding hydrogen-based energy are under research in Pico Truncado city, Santa Cruz province, where there is an experimental center.Another area under research is the production of biofuel from algae of which the results are expected in the long-term. The Energy Center develops projects related to renewable and non-renewable energies.
The coast of San Jorge Gulf marks the start of the ocean-to-ocean corridor, a 517 kilometres (321 mi) stretch of land that connects the city of Comodoro Rivadavia in Chubut, Argentina with Chacabuco Port in Chile. This connection is important for commerce and tourism.
Comodoro Rivadavia is an important city in the zone. It has some museums as the Oil Museum, which is located in General Mosconi neighborhood, and the Astra Museum, located in Astra neighbourhood, about 20 kilometres away from the downtown.
Migratory southern right whales can be witnessed from shores.
Rada Tilly is a small town close to the city of Comodoro Rivadavia. Its most important sight is the beach and the variety of activities that you can do there, for example swimming, fishing, windsurfing and scuba diving or just spending some outdoor time at the beach.
There also is a small sea lion reservation, a place where families of sea lions can be seen.
Publicación H 202. p. 257. Servicio de Hidrografía Naval, Armada de la República Argentina.
Journal of Iberian Geology (2001). Geology of the Golfo San Jorge Basin, Argentina.
Golfo San Jorge (in Spanish)
The Cornovii were a people of ancient Britain, known only from a single mention of them by the geographer Ptolemy c. 150. From his description, their territory is reliably known to have been at the northern tip of Scotland, in Caithness. Ptolemy does not provide them with a town or principal place.
Cornovii for a discussion of the possible etymology of the tribal name
Hernar is an island in Øygarden municipality in Vestland county, Norway.  It is one of the northernmost islands in the Øygarden archipelago.  The 0.5-square-kilometre (120-acre) island is rocky and barren.  Most of the settlement is in one cluster on the southwestern part of the island along the small harbor area.  The eastern third of the island is uninhabited.It sits in a cluster of mostly uninhabited islands, about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) north of the island of Seløyna, the northernmost large, populated island in Øygarden which is connected to the mainland by a series of bridges.  Hernar has about 15 permanent inhabitants and many holiday cabins. It is connected to the mainland via a passenger ferry service to the small island of Hellesøyna, just off the coast of Seløyna.  The ferry service is operated by Bergen Nordhordland Rutelag.
List of islands of Norway
The Union Local School District serves Belmont County, Ohio and other surrounding areas. There are three schools in the district: Union Local Elementary School, Union Local Middle School, and Union Local High School. The schools are located on the same piece of land on Route 149. The schools are approximately 1 mile from Morristown, Ohio. The school is nicknamed the "Jets" and is a member of the Ohio Valley Athletic Conference.
Union Local School District formed in 1959 with the combining of Smith Twp., Belmont, Bethesda, and Union Twp. schools. Flushing joined in the late 1960s. Union Local Elementary and Middle schools consolidated in 1998. Centerville (Smith Twp.), Morristown (Union Twp.), Belmont, Bethesda, and Flushing all combined to form the middle and elementary School.
Terry Puperi, President
Ed Stenger, Vice President
Janet Hissrich, Treasurer
Koel Davia
Dan Lucas
Billy Porter
Ben Porter, Superintendent
High School and Middle School Principal: Joel Davia
Athletic Director: Nick Nardo
Elementary School Principal: Pre-K-2 Dana Kendziorski, 3-5 Zack Powell
East Central Ohio ESC
Official website
Union Local School Report Card
Ohio High School Athletic Association
The following names are sorted alphabetically.
Antoni Abad - artist (born 1956)
Jaume Balagueró - filmmaker (born 1960)
Josep Borrell - Politician, president of the European Parliament 2004–2007. (born 1947)
Francesc Claverol - 18th century religious scholar, author of De ineffabile misae sacrificio y Libellum de Adventu Anti Christi.
Pep Coll - writer (born 1949)
Albert Costa - tennis player, olympic contestant in 2000, winner of the 2002 French Open, (born 1975)
Leandre Cristòfol - artist, pioneer of Surrealist sculpture in Catalonia (1908–1998)
Custo Dalmau - fashion designer (born 1959).
Sergi Escobar - world champion track cyclist who specialises in individual and team pursuit (born 1974).
José Espasa Anguera - founder of the precursor of Espasa-Calpe and Enciclopedia Espasa (1840–1911)
Adolf Florensa - architect, urban planner who worked for various governments during the 20th century directing the restoration of Ciutat Vella in Barcelona.
Miguel Ángel Gallardo - underground comic book artist, especially known for his controversial comic series Makoki, published in the Spanish magazine El Víbora.
Indíbil (Indibilis, Andobales) king of the Ilergetes (3rd century BC).
Lorena, singer, winner of the 5th series of Spanish Fame Academy, Operación Triunfo.
Enrique Granados - Romantic composer (1867-1917)
Mari Pau Huguet - Catalan TV personality, TV3 presenter.
Bojan Krkic - (born 1990) football player.
Josep Lladonosa - historian (1907–1990)
Mercè Mor - dancer.
Jaume Morera - Artist (1854–1927)
Joan Oró - biochemist whose research has been of importance in understanding the origin of life, received several international honours for his work. (1923–2004)
Manuel del Palacio - Satirist, journalist (1831–1906)
Josep Pernau - journalist, satyrist (1930–2011)
Araceli Segarra - mountaineer and model (born 1970)
Salvador Seguí, "El Noi del Sucre" - Anarchist, secretary general of CNT in Catalonia, assassinated (1896–1923).
Antoni Siurana - Politician; former mayor of Lleida, then Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (born 1943)
Humbert Torres - Physician and politician, vicepresident of the Generalitat de Catalunya, member of the Spanish Parliament.
Màrius Torres - Symbolist poet (1910-1942)
Jaume Ulled - stage actor (born 1978)
Josep Vallverdú - writer (born 1923)
Salvador Vázquez de Parga - essayist, comic book historian (born 1934)
Ricardo Viñes - Classical pianist and composer (1875–1943)
List of mayors of Lleida
List of bishops of Lleida
Sowerby ( SOR-bi) is a village in the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale, in West Yorkshire, England. It lies in the Pennines, contiguous with Sowerby Bridge, 3.7 miles (6.0 km) west-southwest of Halifax and 7.6 miles (12.2 km) west-northwest of Huddersfield.
Historically a part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, Sowerby appears in the Domesday Book of 1086, and was an important settlement long before Halifax began to dominate. The ancient district of Sowerbyshire, a stretch of forest centred on the town leading down the Ryburn and Calder valleys and almost up to Halifax, was a Royal chase.
The name Sowerby, is made up from the Norse Sor for sour and suffixed with by representing a parished area. The local pronunciation follows the original Norse. (saw+bi).
A local legend described a castle in Sowerby and its presence was confirmed by excavations on 'Castle Hill' at the high end of the old town. Archaeologists uncovered the foundations of a Norman motte-and-bailey castle. 
Sowerby was the centre of the Sowerby parliamentary constituency until the 1983 general election, when the constituency was expanded and renamed Calder Valley. Sowerby now falls within the Calderdale Ward of Ryburn.
Once home to many chapels and churches of several Christian denominations,  the Anglican St Peter's Church is of architectural interest and the main focus of religious worship in the town.
John Tillotson, 'The people's priest', Archbishop of Canterbury between 1691 and 1693, was a native of Sowerby. A statue of Tillotson exists in St Peter's church and an avenue is named after him in the lower end of the town.
The summer home of the MP for Great Grimsby, Austin Mitchell, is situated in the town. The nearby mansion of Field House was the seat of the Stansfeld family, who contributed much to the local community, including building St Peter's church. Sowerby Hall, close to the church, was built by Josiah Horton in 1650 and the Rawson family, who owned the Brockwell estate at the lower end of St Peter's Avenue, contributed to the construction of several notable buildings in the town during the 18th century.
Listed buildings in Ryburn
Sowerby, North Yorkshire
Sowerby Website
Sowerby Bridge Chronicle newspaper website
Federal elections were held in all the 38 states of the German Confederation on 1 May 1848 to elect members of a new National Assembly known as the Frankfurt Parliament. The ballot was not secret, and elected 585 members, mostly from the middle class.
The Pre-Parliament (Vorparlement) had convened in the Paulskirche in Frankfurt on 31 March 1848. Most of the 521 members of it were from South and West Germany, including 2 from Austria. From Prussia there were 141 representatives, of which 100 from the Rhineland with a strong liberal tradition. The Pre-Parliament dispersed on 3 April having appointed a committee of 50. The radicals Friedrich Hecker and Gustav Struve were excluded as they had walked out; they had favoured abolition of both hereditary monarchy and standing armies, and a Federal constitution on North American lines. The rebuffed Hecker proclaimed a German Republic in Baden on 12 April, but the so-called Heckenputsch failed within a week. Heckler escaped to Switzerland and went to the United States, becoming a farmer. Later Struve also went into exile (in Switzerland and the United States) before returning to Germany.
The Pre-Parliament had favoured universal suffrage, although individual states set their own qualifications. While Austria, Prussia and Schleswig-Holstein imposed no restrictions, farm hands were excluded in Baden and Saxony. Bavaria and Wutternberg excluded domestic servants and workers, and Bavaria included only those paying direct taxation.
The Pre-Parliament set the ratio of one deputy to the National Assembly per 50,000 inhabitants of the German Confederation, totaling 649 deputies. However, Czech-majority constituencies in Bohemia and Moravia boycotted the election, reducing the total to 585. Those elected included 157 judges and lawyers, 138 high officials, over a hundred university and high school teachers, and about 40 merchants and industrialists. Most of the 90 members of the nobility were in the learned professions, and there was only one peasant and four handwerkers (skilled artisans or craftsmen). 
The Frankfurt Parliament convened on 18 May at Frankfurt, when the members walked in solemn procession to the Paulskirche accompanied by the roar of cannon and the ringing of bells. It included the German political leaders of the past three decades: the political professors Friedrich Dahlmann, Johann Droysen and Georg Waitz; Ernst Arndt and Turnvater Jahn (Friedrich Jahn) from 1813; radicals like Robert Blum and Arnold Ruge; liberal nobles like Prince Felix Lichnowsky, and the Catholic leader Bishop Ketteler. 
Carr, William (1979) [1969]. A History of Germany 1815-1945. London: Edward Arnold. pp. 46–48. ISBN 07131-5433-0-.
Kirkham and Wesham railway station serves the Lancashire towns of Kirkham and Wesham, in England. It is managed by Northern Trains, who operate most of the passenger services that call there.
There were originally two platforms, but work in 2017 and 2018, added a third. There are fairly obvious signs of the former size of the station in the form of disused sidings areas and blocked-off arches. The station ticket office is at street level with two staircases leading down to the platforms. Originally a cast iron and glass roof covered the platforms similar to that at Poulton-le-Fylde station. This was removed in the 1960s. In 2018 lifts were also installed.Fast lines used to run from Kirkham North Junction (located a half a mile to the west of the station) to what was known as Kirkham South Junction - just east of the station allowing through trains to pass without running through the platforms. These were the last vestige of the four track which originally started at Preston and were removed during remodelling work in 2017 to allow for a third platform and a faster alignment of the remaining and new lines
As part of the works, all of the disused sidings were removed.
The signalbox at Kirkham North Junction was opened in 1903 and had over 70 levers and was worked by two signalmen and a train recorder. A framed summary in the box detailed the total number of train movements there in a 24-hour period in July 1936 as 656 - the vast majority of these would have been connected with the Blackpool holiday trade.
The station, opened in 1840, was originally located to the west of Station Road and named Kirkham.
In 1890, it was rebuilt on the east side of the road and later renamed Kirkham and Wesham. Historically the "Wrangway Brook", beside which the railway was laid, has always been the boundary between Kirkham and Wesham, and the station buildings are all situated in Kirkham.
Two tracks were built on the northern side of the line for a platform planned but never built due to the outbreak of World War II.
Kirkham Station signalbox which was located in between the Up (Salwick bound) Fast and the Down Fast line was demolished during resignalling operations in 1977. The same scheme also abolished Treales signalbox.
To the west of the station, Kirkham North Junction is where the suburban branch line to Blackpool South follows the Fylde coast through Lytham, Ansdell and Fairhaven, St Annes on Sea; the main line to Blackpool North proceeds via Poulton. Between 1903 and 1965 there was a third express line, the "Marton Line", which went straight to Blackpool South and beyond to Blackpool Central. This junction involved a flyover to allow Preston-bound trains to access the Up Fast line from the Marton line. Although the Marton line closed in 1965, the disused flyover bridge was not removed until the 1980s.
In March 2011 the station was given a makeover with a major modernisation and refurbishment of the staircase. In 2017-2018 it was given another major refurbishment as part of the electrification programme.
The station has a street-level ticket office, which is manned throughout the week (06:40-17:45 Monday to Saturdays, 09:00-16:15 Sundays).  A self-service ticket machine has also been installed for use when the booking office is closed or to collect pre-paid tickets. Waiting shelters are in place at platform level, along with digital CIS displays and timetable posters.  There was no step-free access to the platforms, but new lifts were installed as part of the Preston to Blackpool electrification scheme.
As part of GNRP - Great North Rail Project and NPR - Northern Powerhouse Rail, the line from Manchester to Blackpool North was approved by the government for electrification. It was originally approved in 2009 The opportunity was taken to completely renew the signaling of the line and rebuild and improve stations along the line including Kirkham and Wesham. A big chunk of the work was done in a blockade. The plans have seen the track layout remodelled (with the non-platform lines removed), a third platform added, the footbridge rebuilt, new signalling installed and the route from Preston - Blackpool North electrified.  The route to Blackpool South has not been electrified. The work at the station started in mid 2017 with a total blockade from Preston to Blackpool North and South starting in November 2017 and completed in April 2018, in time for the May 2018 timetable change. The station reopened with service to Blackpool South on 29 January 2018, but reopening of the line to Blackpool North was pushed back to 16 April 2018, as a result of bad weather and maintenance issues with one of the infrastructure trains being used in the upgrade works.
Since the May 2018 timetable change, the station was served by the EMUs running from Blackpool North to Liverpool Lime Street and Manchester Airport via Wigan North Western (hourly on each route), plus the Preston to Blackpool South branch service.  The latter originates from Ormskirk but runs in the opposite direction to Colne (for operational reasons); this also operates hourly.  From May 2019, the off-peak Manchester service has been re-routed to Hazel Grove via Bolton though Airport trains still call at peak periods (these also run via Bolton).
On Sundays there are hourly services to Manchester Airport, Liverpool Lime Street, Manchester Victoria and to Blackpool South and Colne, plus three trains per hour to Blackpool North.
Train times and station information for Kirkham and Wesham railway station from National Rail
Willie McCulloch (born 7 January 1948) is a retired Scottish football midfielder who played in the Scottish League for Alloa Athletic, Airdrieonians and Berwick Rangers. After his retirement as a player, he managed Cowdenbeath.
The 2005 Fresno State football team represented California State University, Fresno in the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season, and competed as a member of the Western Athletic Conference.  Led by head coach Pat Hill, the Bulldogs played their home games at Bulldog Stadium in Fresno, California.
The 2005 season was among the most remarkable in recent memory, with the Bulldogs beating archrival Hawaii in the islands for the first time since 1994; beating WAC rival Boise State for the first time since they joined the WAC; and taking the two-time national champion USC Trojans to the wire in a memorable game in Los Angeles. The season fell apart after that loss, with the Bulldogs dropping three more games afterward, including a bowl loss to former WAC foe, Tulsa.
Wustrow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Klaus Praefcke (1933-2013), chemist
Uwe Stock (* 1947), judoka
 Media related to Wustrow at Wikimedia Commons
Vibeke Storm Rasmussen (born 14 September 1945, in Copenhagen) is a Danish politician and the chairman of the Capital Region of Denmark from 2007 to 2014, elected for the Social Democrats. Prior to the establishment of the regions, she was mayor of Copenhagen County.
Vibeke Storm Rasmussen is the daughter of chief mechanic Jørgen Rasmussen and nurse Birte Storm, and grew up on Amager. She graduated highschool in 1964, and in 1969 she finished her education as a public school teacher. Vibeke Storm Rasmussen has written several books and pamphlets on education. From 1974 to 1993, she worked in Ballerup Municipality as a consultant in the school system, focusing among other things on children from ethnic minorities and their school-related problems.
After graduating she became a member of the Social Democratic Youth of Denmark. In 1974, she was elected to the city council in Albertslund Municipality as the only woman. She set up an interest group aimed at engaging more women in politics. She has run for parliament and sometimes served as a substitute therein, but her primary focus has been regional politics. In 1984, she was elected to the county council of Copenhagen County, and in 1992 became its first female county mayor. She was re-elected in 1997 and in 2001, continuing until the county was disbanded as a result of the Danish municipal reform.
In the first election for the council of the Capital Region of Denmark, in 2005, Vibeke Storm Rasmussen ran in the election as the leader of the Social Democrats. She received 47,000 personal votes, by far the largest number of any candidate. Having formed an agreement with the Socialist People's Party and the Red-Green Alliance, she became the first chairman of the Capital Region of Denmark, as well as the first female regional chairman in Denmark.
She did not run for election in November 2013 (term of office:2014-17). Instead Sophie Hæstorp Andersen (born 26 September 1974 in Copenhagen) ran as the leader of the Social Democrats and was elected as chairman of the regional council. Sophie is one of two regional chairmen that are women.
Vibeke Storm Rasmussen
The Ruggles-Brise Baronetcy, of Spains Hall in Finchingfield in the County of Essex, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 31 January 1935 for the Conservative politician Edward Ruggles-Brise. The second Baronet was Lord-Lieutenant of Essex from 1958 to 1978.
Guy Ruggles-Brise, younger son of the first baronet, was High Sheriff of Essex between 1967 and 1968.
Sir Edward Archibald Ruggles-Brise, 1st Baronet (1882–1942)
Sir John Archibald Ruggles-Brise, 2nd Baronet (1908–2007)
Sir Timothy Edward Ruggles-Brise, 3rd Baronet (born 1945)The heir apparent is the present holder's son Archie Ruggles-Brise.
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
Leigh Rayment's list of baronets
Richard D. Nanula was appointed chief financial officer of Amgen Inc. (biotechnology) in August 2001 and served as executive vice president starting May 2001. He resigned in 2007 amid an SEC inquiry as to why company executives did not immediately disclose negative findings from drug trials. Nanula has also worked with Boeing and Miramax.
Nanula was born to an African American mother and an Italian father. He grew up in Pasadena, California and attended the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he received a bachelor's degree in economics in 1982. He graduated from Harvard Business School in 1986, where he received his M.B.A.. He later became a certified public accountant.
Nanula served as chairman and chief executive officer at Broadband Sports, (Internet media company) from 1999 until 2001. He served as president and chief operating officer for Starwood in New York from 1998 until 1999. He held a variety of executive positions at the Walt Disney Company from 1986 until 1998, including senior executive vice president, chief financial officer (1991-1995, 1996–1997)  and president of Disney Stores Worldwide (1995-1996).On April 10, 2007, Amgen announced that he would be resigning from his position "to pursue other opportunities."  He was at Amgen until July 2007 to assist in the transition. He was replaced by Robert Bradway. Nanula was a member of Amgen's executive committee. On May 4, 2007, it was announced that Nanula resigned from the Boeing Company's board of directors where he had served on the board since January 2005.
Announced in January 2008, Nanula joined Colony Capital, LLC, and was responsible for the firm's global operations, with a special focus on operating company transactions. Nanula resigned from Colony in July 2013 amid allegations of a sex scandal that involved porn stars Trinity St. Clair and Samantha Saint. It was announced that the position of chairman at Miramax would be filled by Tom Barrack.
Nanula married Tracey Hart, whom he met at Disney, in 1995. They have three children together. In 2005, Hart filed for divorce.
Boeing Director Nanula Resigns from Board
Colony Capital Senior Executives - Richard D. Nanula
Richard Nanula Exits Colony Capital As Alleged Sex Tape Surfaces
Salad Days was a 1958 Australian TV play. It was an adaptation of Salad Days.
It was televised from the Elizabethan Theatre, Sydney, on Channel 2 ABN on 16 April 1958. This was the first time in Australia that an overseas musical was televised direct from the professional stage. The previous year the ABC had broadcast a TV revue. Arthur Wyndham directed the telecast.It ran for 45 minutes.The play was touring Australia in 1958.
Judy Banks
Salad Days at National Film and Sound Archive
New York Sessions '67 is a two-disc retrospective album of recordings made by Van Morrison in 1967 for Bang Records that were later released in the 1990s. Other album releases with the same recordings have been called Payin' Dues and The Complete Bang Sessions. The first disc presents material already available on Blowin' Your Mind! and on the previous Bang compilation albums T.B. Sheets and Bang Masters. The second disc contains the notorious "Contractual Obligation" session – thirty-one improvised nonsense songs Morrison recorded in order to fulfill his contract with Bang Records. The song "Thirty Two" takes a swipe at Berns's production style and "Brown Eyed Girl": Morrison sings "we'll get three guitars .. and we'll do the sha, sha-la-la bit." Tracks from this album would be officially released on the compilation album The Authorized Bang Collection.
All songs by Van Morrison except where noted.
"Brown Eyed Girl" – 3:03
"He Ain't Give You None" (alternate version) – 5:50
"T.B. Sheets" – 9:36
"Spanish Rose" (alternate version) – 3:52
"Goodbye Baby (Baby Goodbye)" (Wes Farrell, Bert Russell) – 2:57
"Ro Ro Rosey" – 3:03
"Who Drove the Red Sports Car?" – 5:39
"Midnight Special" (traditional) – 2:45
"Beside You" – 6:05
"It's All Right" – 4:58
"Madame George" – 5:17
"Send Your Mind" – 2:52
"The Smile You Smile" – 2:54
"The Back Room" – 5:30
"Joe Harper Saturday Morning" (alternate version) – 4:15
"Chick-A-Boom" (Bert Berns, Morrison) – 3:12
"I Love You (The Smile You Smile)" – 2:22
"Brown Eyed Girl" (alternate take) – 3:40
"Twist And Shake" – 1:19
"Shake And Roll" – 0:58
"Stomp And Scream" – 1:14
"Scream And Holler" – 1:14
"Jump And Thump" – 1:08
"Drivin' Wheel" – 1:13
"Just Ball" – 1:00
"Shake It Mable" – 1:12
"Hold On George" – 1:30
"The Big Royalty Check" – 1:36
"Ring Worm" – 1:31
"Savoy Hollywood" – 1:00
"Freaky If You Got This Far" – 1:04
"Up Your Mind" – 1:13
"Thirty Two" – 0:59
"All The Bits" – 0:54
"You Say France And I Whistle" – 0:54
"Blow In Your Nose" – 1:25
"Nose In Your Blow" – 1:02
"La Mambo" – 0:52
"Go For Yourself" – 1:20
"Want A Danish" – 1:05
"Here Comes Dumb George" – 0:56
"Chickee Coo" – 1:10
"Do It" – 1:01
"Hang On Groovy" – 0:57
"Goodbye George" – 1:17
"Dum Dum George" – 1:27
"Walk And Talk" – 1:07
"The Wobble" – 1:03
"Wobble And Ball" – 1:06
The Queen's Birthday Honours 1978 were appointments by many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of The Queen. The announcement date varies, both from year to year and from country to country.
The 1978 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 3 June for the United Kingdom and Life Peers, Australia, New Zealand, Mauritius, Fiji, The Bahamas, Grenada, and Papua New Guinea.The recipients of honours are displayed here as they were styled before their new honour, and arranged by honour, with classes (Knight, Knight Grand Cross, etc.) and then divisions (Military, Civil, etc.) as appropriate.
BaronessDame Evelyn Joyce Denington, DBE, Chairman, Stevenage Development Corporation. Lately Chairman, Greater London Council.
Margaret Susan Ryder, CMG, OBE, (Mrs. Cheshire), Founder and Social Worker, Sue Ryder Foundation for the Sick and Disabled of all Age Groups.BaronWilliam John Blease, lately Northern Ireland Officer of the Irish Congress of Trade Unions.
Sir Robert Brockie Hunter, MBE, Vice-Chancellor and Principal, University of Birmingham.
Sir Paul Reilly, lately Director, Design Council.
Sir Edwin Rodney Smith, KBE, lately President of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
Gerald Bernard Kaufman, MP, Minister of State, Department of Industry.
The Honourable Sir Robert Edgar Megarry, Vice-Chancellor of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice.
Roland Dunstan Moyle, MP, Minister of State, Department of Health and Social Security.
John Smith, MP, Minister of State, Privy Council Office.
Professor Kenneth John Wilson Alexander, Chairman, Highlands and Islands Development Board.
The Honourable John Jacob Astor, MBE, Chairman, Agricultural Research Council.
Professor George Grenfell-Baines, OBE. For services to Architecture.
Terence Norman Beckett, CBE, Chairman and Managing Director, Ford Motor Co. Ltd.
William James Bryden, CBE, QC, lately Sheriff Principal of the Lothian and Borders.
Eric Wallers Cheadle, CBE. For services to the newspaper industry.
Amos Henry Chilver, Vice-Chancellor, Cranfield Institute of Technology.
John Stafford Cripps, CBE, lately Chairman, Countryside Commission.
John Graham Cuckney, Chairman of the Crown Agents.
Richard Kenneth Denby, President of The Law Society.
Alastair Frederick Down, OBE, MC, TD, Chairman, Burmah Oil Co. Ltd.
Denis Follows, CBE. For services to Sport.
Francis Geoffrey Hawkings, Chairman, Stone Platt Industries Ltd. For services to Export.
Barrie Heath, DFC, AE, Group Chairman, Guest Keen & Nettlefolds Ltd. For services to Export.
Harry Thurston Hookway, Chief Executive and Deputy Chairman, British Library Board.
Hans Leo Kornberg, Sir William Dunn Professor of Biochemistry, University of Cambridge.
Frederick Alfred Laker, Chairman and Managing Director, Laker Airways Ltd.
William d'Auvergne Maycock, CBE, MVO, Director, Blood Products Laboratory, Lister Institute.
Henry Roderick Moore, CBE, Chairman, North East Thames Regional Health Authority.
Peter Parker, MVO, Chairman, British Railways Board.
Ernest Jones-Parry, Executive Director, International Sugar Organisation.
Thomas Parry. For services to Welsh scholarship.
Raymond William Pennock, Deputy Chairman, Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd. For services to Export.
John Devereux Pile, TD, Chairman, Imperial Group Ltd.
Professor Harry Raymond Pitt, Vice-Chancellor, University of Reading.
Douglas Ranger, Dean, The Middlesex Hospital Medical School.
Robert Telford, CBE, Managing Director, GEC-Marconi Electronics Ltd. For services to Export.Diplomatic Service and Overseas ListAnthony William Byrd Hayward. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in India.
Yue-Kong Pao, CBE. For public and community services in Hong Kong.Australian StatesState of VictoriaRoderick Howard Carnegie, of Toorak. For services to industry.
Louis Frederick Pyke, ED, of Malvern. For services to the Multiple Sclerosis Society.State of QueenslandRoderick Consett Proctor, MBE, of Hamilton. For services to the business community and people of Queensland.
Frank Victor Sharpe, CMG, OBE, ED, of Clayfield. For services to the community.State of Western AustraliaGeorge Montario Bedbrook, OBE, of Floreat Park. For services in the fields of orthopaedic surgery and paraplegic and quadraplegic rehabilitation.
Military DivisionAdmiral Sir Henry Leach, KCB.
Military DivisionRoyal NavyVice Admiral Arthur Desmond Cassidi.
Vice Admiral John Morrison Forbes.ArmyMajor General Peter John Hall Leng, CB, MBE, MC, (307865) late The Royal Anglian Regiment, Colonel Commandant Corps of Royal Military Police. Colonel Commandant Royal Army Veterinary Corps.
Lieutenant General John Wilfred Stanier, MBE, (365443) late The Royal Scots Greys (2nd Dragoons).Royal Air ForceAir Marshal John Moreton Nicholls, CBE, DFC, AFC.
Acting Air Marshal John Gingell, CBE.Civil DivisionLawrence Airey, CB, Second Permanent Secretary, HM Treasury.
Robert Temple Armstrong, CB, CVO, Permanent Under-Secretary of State, Home Office.
John Alexander Atkinson, CB, DFC, Second Permanent Secretary, Department of Health and Social Security.
Henry Peter Rowe, CB, QC, First Parliamentary Counsel.
Military DivisionRoyal NavyRear Admiral Christopher Martin Bevan.
Rear Admiral William James McClune.
Rear Admiral Cecil Ernest Price, AFC.
Rear Admiral Charles Arthur Winfield Weston.ArmyMajor General Albert Patrick Dignan, MBE, (410605), late Royal Army Medical Corps (now RARO).
Major General John Hulbert Foster (343958), late Corps of Royal Engineers.
Major General Donald Edward Isles, OBE, (304096), Colonel Commandant The King's Division. Colonel The Duke of Wellington's Regiment (West Riding). Honorary Colonel 3rd Battalion Yorkshire Volunteers Territorial and Army Volunteer Reserve.
The Venerable Archdeacon Peter Mallett, QHC, (432359), Royal Army Chaplains' Department.Royal Air ForceAir Vice-Marshal William Edward Colahan, CBE, DFC, (Retd.)
Air Vice-Marshal David Brownrigg Craig, OBE.
Air Vice-Marshal Thomas Lawrie Kennedy, AFC.
Air Vice-Marshal Charles Ernest Ness, CBE.Civil DivisionWilliam Ewart Bell, Permanent Secretary, Department of Finance for Northern Ireland.
William Rupert Graham Bell, Under-Secretary, Department of Industry.
James Armstrong Gordon Carmichael, Chief Medical Adviser, Department of Health and Social Security.
John Seton Cassels, Director, Manpower Services Commission.
John Rankin Christie, lately Deputy Master and Comptroller, Royal Mint.
Peter Tiarks Ede England, Deputy Secretary, Ministry of Defence.
James Allan Ford, MC, Under-Secretary, Scottish Office.
Graham John Graham-Green, TD, Chief Master of the Supreme Court Taxing Office.
Peter John Hudson, Deputy Secretary, Ministry of Defence.
Fred Jones, CBE, Deputy Secretary, HM Treasury.
William Ian McIndoe, Deputy Secretary, Cabinet Office.
Ronald Sydney Matthews, Deputy Secretary, Department of Health and Social Security.
Joseph Michael Moran, QC, Legal Secretary to the Lord Advocate and First Parliamentary Draftsman for Scotland.
George Walker Moseley, Deputy Secretary, Department of the Environment.
Derek Leslie Pearson, Deputy Secretary, Ministry of Overseas Development.
Robert Burnell Roper, Chief Land Registrar.
Alan Thompson, Deputy Secretary, Department of Education and Science.
Francis Walley, Under-Secretary, Department of the Environment.
James Webb, Under-Secretary, Board of Inland Revenue.Additional MemberWilliam Frederick Payne Heseltine, CVO, Deputy Private Secretary to The Queen.
Sir Maurice Oldfield, KCMG, CBE, lately Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Derick Rosslyn Ashe, CMG, Leader of the United Kingdom Delegation to the Conference of the Committee on Disarmament, Geneva.
Donald Frederick Hawley, CMG, MBE, British High Commissioner, Kuala Lumpur.
Herbert Ben Curtis Keeble, CMG, HM Ambassador, Moscow.
Jeffrey Charles Petersen, CMG, HM Ambassador, Stockholm.
Richard Cerdin Griffiths, Under-Secretary, Ministry of Overseas Development.
Alan Waller Woodruff, Wellcome Professor of Clinical Tropical Medicine, London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine.
Professor Ben Atkinson Wortley, OBE, QC. For services to international law.Diplomatic Service and Overseas ListAdrian Clarence Buxton, HM Ambassador, La Paz.
George Buchanan Chalmers, Minister (Economic), HM Embassy, Tehran.
Patrick Taylor Davies, OBE, Chief Inspector, Area Courts, Kano State, Nigeria.
John Christopher Edmonds, CVO, Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Timothy John Everard, Counsellor (Economic) HM Embassy, Athens.
Paul Ronald Ninnes Fifoot, Counsellor (Legal Adviser) United Kingdom Mission to the United Nations, New York.
Colin Frederick Figures, OBE, Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Lord Nicholas Charles Gordon-Lennox, MVO, Counsellor and Head of Chancery, HM Embassy, Paris.
Michael Hugh Morgan, British High Commissioner, Freetown.
Robert James O'Neill, lately Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
John Rowland Rich, Counsellor (Commercial) HM Embassy, Bonn.
Clifford William Squire, MVO, Counsellor, HM Embassy, Washington.
Benjamin Leckie Strachan, HM Ambassador, Sana'a.Australian StatesState of New South WalesCharles Beynon Lloyd Jones. For services to commerce and the arts.State of VictoriaAlfred Dunbavin Butcher, of North Balwyn. For services to the Zoological Board of Victoria.State of QueenslandNorman Gregory Joseph Behan, of Bardon. For services to the community particularly in the fields of medicine and the arts.State of Western AustraliaRonald Darling Wilson, QC, of Nedlands. For services to the community.
Sir Hugh Maxwell Casson.
William Alan Wood, CB.
Lieutenant Colonel William Dalison Keown-Boyd, OBE.
Group Captain Desmond Lionel Edmonds, AFC, Royal Air Force.
Reginald Joffre Elliott, MVO.
Air Marshal Sir Maurice Lionel Heath, KBE, CB.
Colonel Frank McEachren, ED, CD.
Lord Rupert Charles Montacute Nevill.
Peter Bacon.
The Reverend Felix Vivian Allan Boyse.
Robert George Emberson.
Frank Reginald Francis, MBE.
Captain Roland Henry Grimshaw, Irish Guards.
John Brook Marriott.
Lieutenant Colonel Trevor le Mare Sharpe, OBE, Coldstream Guards.
Conrad Marshall John Fisher Swan.
Maurice Harold Allen.
Mabel Anderson.
Jeffrey Bertram Cackett.
Norma Rose Dunlop (Norma Wilkins).
Anne Elizabeth Fisher, MBE.
Sonia Hill.
William Hewit Murray Millar.
Eric Giles Paton, MBE.
Marguerite Reid.
Edward Victor Schopman.
In GoldJoseph Annison.
James Robert Emmerson.In SilverBetty Bush.
George Royal Bushell.
Frank Samuel Cranston.
Chief Radio Supervisor Albert Deane, J889812Q.
Donald Edred Easterbrook.
Charles Elliott.
Police Constable Roger Charles Fletcher, Metropolitan Police.
David Stewart Forsyth.
V0685502 Chief Technician Roger Henry Harris, Royal Air Force.
William Hudson.
Police Constable Donald William Jarvis, Metropolitan Police.
F194S038 Sergeant Michael Edward Legg, Royal Air Force.
Edward George Murphy.
S4235891 Master Air Load Master Peter Ronald Stokes, Royal Air Force.
Alexander Webster.
Frederick George Wills, BEM.Bar to the Royal Victorian Medal in SilverSergeant Major Lionel Allibone, Her Majesty's Bodyguard of the Yeomen of the Guard.
Military DivisionRoyal Air ForceAir Chief Marshal Sir Peter Le Cheminant, KCB, DFC.
Military DivisionRoyal NavySurgeon Vice Admiral John Stuart Pepys Rawlins, OBE, QHP.Royal Air ForceAir Marshal Charles John Williamson Soutar, MBE, QHS.Civil Division
Australian StatesState of VictoriaThe Honourable John Frederick Rossiter, Agent-General for Victoria in London.
Civil DivisionSheila Patricia Violet Sherlock (Mrs. James), Professor of Medicine, Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine.Australian StatesState of VictoriaJoan Howard Roberts, OBE, of Balwyn. For services to the handicapped.
Military DivisionRoyal NavyCommodore Donald Wyndham Beadle.
Commodore Alan John Leahy, 
Commodore Brian Keith Perrin, *, Royal Naval Reserve.
Captain Patrick Michael Causabon Vincent.ArmyBrigadier (now Local Major General) John Hugh Bevil Acland (397794), late Scots Guards.
Colonel John Frederick Dixon-Nuttall, , (380648), late Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Reverend David Brian Dougall, , (422859), Royal Army Chaplains' Department.
Colonel Kenneth Grantham-Wright (397419), late Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Brigadier Charles Ridley Grey (414867), late Corps of Royal Engineers.
Brigadier (now Acting Major General) Roland Kelvin Guy, , (397265), late The Royal Green Jackets.
Colonel Charles Hince (407875), late The Royal Welch Fusiliers.
Colonel (Local Brigadier) Thomas Anthony Boam, , (424271), late Scots Guards.Royal Air ForceAir Commodore Eric Dawson.
Air Commodore John Melvin Pack.
Air Commodore David McLagan Scrimgeour, .
Acting Air Commodore Norman Jackson, .
Group Captain John Robert Walker, .Civil DivisionRowland Gunter Ablett, formerly Headmaster, Hemsworth High School, Wakefield.
James Cecil Akerman, Managing Director, Mullard Ltd. For services to Export.
Colin Mervyn Gordon Allen, General Manager, Covent Garden Market Authority.
William Alwyn, Composer.
Maurice Percy Ashley, Writer.
Eric Wilfred Ayers, lately Deputy Director of Research, Telecommunications Headquarters, Post Office.
Geoffrey Horace Ballard, Farmer, Worcester.
William Barnes, Director, Carrington Viyella Ltd. For services to Export.
Professor Kathleen Myra Bell, Member, Council on Tribunals.
Gilbert Albert Waller Blackman, OBE, Member, Central Electricity Generating Board.
Eric Thomas Boulter, Director General, Royal National Institute for the Blind.
Jack Bowthorpe, Chairman, Bowthorpe Holdings Ltd.
Peter Errington Brewis, Chairman, Brewis Brothers, Ltd.
Denis King Britton, Professor of Agricultural Economics, Wye College, University of London.
Alan Thomas Brown, Chief Executive, Oxfordshire County Council.
William Whitehill Brown, Treasury Valuer, Rating of Government Property Department.
Philip John Gilbert Buckley, Director of Administration, Metropolitan Police Office.
John Burgess, Managing Director, Simon Carves Ltd. For services to Export.
Frederick Stephen Butler, Executive Director, Property Services Agency.
John Macknight Campbell, Farmer, Berwickshire.
Captain Norman Francis Carrington, DSC, Royal Navy (Retd.), Assistant Secretary, Home Office.
John Chalmers, General Secretary, Amalgamated Society of Boilermakers, Shipwrights, Blacksmiths and Structural Workers.
Professor Joseph Chatt, Director, Unit of Nitrogen Fixation, Agricultural Research Council.
Anastasios Christodoulou, Secretary, The Open University.
Denis Grenville Church, OBE, Assistant Secretary, Department of Industry.
Maurice Hugh Collins, Assistant Secretary, Board of Inland Revenue.
William Collins, Member, Gateshead Metropolitan Borough Council.
Betty Tresyllian, Lady Compton, Chairman, Board of Governors, Royal Marsden Hospital.
Dennis John Crisp, Professor of Marine Biology, University College of North Wales.
Professor Henry Clifford Darby, OBE. For services to the study of Historical Geography.
Donald Davies, OBE, Board Member, National Coal Board.
Peter Francis Dorey, Director, Ferranti Ltd. General Manager, Computer Systems Group. For services to Export.
James Marshall Dunlop, Chief Executive, Fife Regional Council.
Robert Grieve Duthie, Chairman, Black & Edgington Ltd., Port Glasgow. For services to Export.
Richard Brinsley Ford. For services to Art.
Derek Vivian Gaulter, Director-General, Federation of Civil Engineering Contractors.
Professor Douglas Chalmers Hague, Member, Price Commission.
Roy Pollard Harding, Chief Education Officer, Buckinghamshire County Council.
Wilfrid Gerald Harding, President, Faculty of Community Medicine, Royal Colleges of Physicians in the United Kingdom.
Professor Bryan Hugh Harvey, Chairman, Advisory Committee on Major Hazards.
Ian Thomson Henderson, TD, Chairman, Mental Health Foundation.
Ralph Hammond Innes, Writer.
Glenda May Jackson, Actress.
Gilbert James Kelland, QPM, Assistant Commissioner, Metropolitan Police.
Louis Philip Kentner, Pianist.
Thomas Hugh Kernohan, OBE, Director, Engineering Employers Northern Ireland Association.
Charles Spencer King, Director, Product Engineering, Leyland Cars Group, British Leyland Ltd.
Harold Norman Lamb, Regional Administrator, South East Thames Regional Health Authority.
Hugh Montgomerie Lang, Chairman, Food and Drink Machinery Sector Working Party.
Professor Patrick Joseph Lawther, Director, Clinical Section, Toxicology Unit, Medical Research Council.
Professor Frank James Lelievre. For services to education in Northern Ireland.
Walpole Sinclair Lewin, Consultant Neurological Surgeon, Addenbrooke's Hospital, Cambridge.
Tom Lister, QFSM, Chief Fire Officer, West Midlands Fire Brigade.
Thomas Redshaw Spring Lyon, TD, Chairman, Smaller Firms Council, Confederation of British Industry.
William Alexander McCahon, President, Ulster Farmers' Union.
Edward Willett MacGowan, OBE, lately Managing Director, Navy, Army and Air Force Institutes.
Joan Macintosh, Chairman, Scottish Consumer Council.
Leonard Charles Mather, Chairman, United Dominions Trust Ltd.
Raymond Mays. For services to Motor Racing.
Albert Edward Vanstan Meredith, Chairman, Hereford and Worcester Area Health Authority.
Ian Alastair Duncan Millar, MC, lately Convenor, Tayside Regional Council.
Edward Aylett Moore, Chairman, Wheatsheaf Distribution & Trading Ltd.
Charles Philip (Peter) Morley, MC, Chairman, Unit Construction Co. Ltd.
James Joseph Mundell, Chairman and Managing Director, James H. Dennis & Co. Ltd.
Julius Arthur Sheffield Neave, MBE, Director and General Manager, The Mercantile & General Reinsurance Co. Ltd.
Trevor Robert Nunn, Artistic Director, Royal Shakespeare Company.
Donald William James Orchard, Assistant Secretary, Training Services Agency.
Noel Strange Paul, Director, The Press Council.
Leslie Rundell Pincott, lately Managing Director, Esso Petroleum Co. Ltd.
Beryl Catherine Platt, Chairman, Education Committee, Essex County Council.
Sheila Margaret Imelda Quinn, Chairman of the council, Royal College of Nursing.
William Rawlinson, Assistant Solicitor, Board of Customs & Excise.
William Francis Raymond, Deputy Chief Scientist, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries & Food.
John Deacon Richards, Architect, Robert Matthew, Johnson-Marshall & Partners, Edinburgh.
George Barclay Richardson, Secretary to the Delegates and Chief Executive of the Oxford University Press.
Anthony Elliot Ritchie. For services to education and science in Scotland.
William Owen Roberts, Assistant Secretary, Department of Health & Social Security.
Malcolm Owen Robins, Director, Astronomy, Space, Radio & Science, Science Research Council.
Arnold Robinson, Deputy Chairman, Fisons Ltd.
Francis Leslie Rose, OBE. For services to the pharmaceutical industry and to the Home Office Forensic Science Service.
Eric Gerald Rubython, Deputy Chief Executive, Aircraft Group, British Aerospace. For services to Export.
Sydney Wylie Samuelson. For service to the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
John Edward Baines Singleton. Member, City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council.
Edward Hubert Fleming-Smith, TD, Chartered Surveyor, Smiths Gore & Associates.
Philip Squire, OBE. For services to local government in Mid-Glamorgan.
Henry George Stewart, MBE, Director of Studies, Britannia Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, Ministry of Defence.
Peter Frank Stott, Director-General, National Water Council.
Harry Street, Professor of English Law, University of Manchester.
John Anderson Strong, MBE, Professor of Medicine, University of Edinburgh.
Michael James Thornton, MC, lately Chief, Economic Intelligence Department, Bank of England.
Colonel Lawrence Turnbull, MC, TD, Chairman, Yorkshire and Humberside Territorial Auxiliary and Volunteer Reserve Association.
Maurice George Venn, Chairman, London and Home Counties Regional Advisory Council on Education.
Arthur David Wadey, MBE, lately Controller of Finance, Commonwealth Development Corporation.
Charles Kay Warrick, Consultant Radiologist, Royal Victoria Infirmary, Newcastle upon Tyne.
Helen Josephine Watts, Singer.
William Hugh Webster. For services to Sport.
Donald John Ingram West, Headmaster, Verdin Comprehensive School, Winsford, Cheshire.
Harry Darrell Wharton, Senior Technical Adviser, Ministry of Defence.
Harold Astley Whittall, lately President, Engineering Employers' Federation.
Frederick William Winslade, OBE. For services to local government in Lewisham.
Sidney Thomas Wright, lately Deputy Chief Scientific Officer, Ministry of Defence.Diplomatic Service and Overseas ListHenry St. John Basil Armitage, OBE, HM Consul-General, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Reginald Charles Calvert. For services to British commercial interests in Nigeria.
Barrie Nicholas Davies, lately Director, Statistical Division, Economic Commission for Europe, Geneva.
Norman Chadwick Eckersley, DFC. For services to British commercial interests in San Francisco.
Douglas Graham Frazer. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in Thailand.
John Andrew Patrick Hill. For services to British commercial interests in Saudi Arabia.
Kai-chu Jay. For services to commerce in Hong Kong.
Jeffrey Richard Jones, Chief Judge, Kano State, Nigeria.
Rogerio Hyndman Lobo, OBE. For public services in Hong Kong.
Desmond Arthur McNamara, OBE, QC, Chairman, Public Service Commission, St. Lucia.
Locksley Trevor Moody, lately Chief Justice of the Cayman Islands.
Donald Augusto Pagliero, OBE, DFC. For services to the British community in Belgium.
George Rutherford Sanderson, British Council Representative, Spain.
Group Captain William Smith, OBE, Royal Air Force (Retd.), lately Member of the International Military Staff NATO, Brussels.
Catherine Joyce Symons, OBE. For public services in Hong Kong.
De Forest Wheeler Trimingham. For public services in Bermuda.
David Mitchell Wallace, OBE. For services to British medical interests in Saudi Arabia.Australian StatesState of New South WalesJohn Bowes Clarkson. For services to industry.
Richard John Sinclair Laws, OBE. For services to broadcasting and to charity.
His Honour James Henry Staunton, QC. Chief Judge of the New South Wales District Court.State of VictoriaIan Duncan Watt Macdonald, of Meredith. For services to the sport of horse racing.
His Honour Judge Desmond Patrick Whelan, Chief Judge of the County Court of Victoria.State of QueenslandFranz Konrad Saddler Hirschfeld, of Hamilton. For services to the medical profession.
Wing-Commander Charles Gordon Chaloner Olive, MBE, DFC, of Runcorn. For services to the community.State of Western AustraliaHenry William Dettman, of Swanbourne. For services to education.
Military DivisionRoyal NavySurgeon Commander (D) Timothy John Clifford Hall.
Commander Kenneth Raymond Gayford Harper.
Commander Donald George Heighway.
Commander Dennis Arthur Howard.
Commander Alan Anthony Jackson.
Chief Officer Diana Margaret Mason, RD, Women's Royal Naval Reserve.
Commander Alan Philip Seeley, VRD*, Royal Naval Reserve.
Commander Gilbert John Fordyce Slocock.
Commander John Patrick Speller.
Commander Alan John Stafford.
Lieutenant Colonel Julian Howard Atherden Thompson, Royal Marines.
Commander Frank Kenneth Trickey.ArmyLieutenant Colonel Stephen Francis Cave (424285), The Royal Green Jackets.
Lieutenant Colonel Robin Wyndham Harman Crawford (432808), The Light Infantry.
Lieutenant Colonel John Anthony Hare, MBE, (437077), The Light Infantry.
Reverend James Harkness, Chaplain to the Forces, Second Class (468441), Royal Army Chaplains' Department.
Lieutenant Colonel John Anthony Haynes (339660), Royal Pioneer Corps.
Lieutenant Colonel (Technical Aviation Instructor) Kenneth Andrew Mead, DFM, (477498), Army Air Corps.
Major Alastair George Angus Morrison, MC, (474016), Scots Guards.
Lieutenant Colonel (Acting) Eric Philip Murphy (109387), Army Cadet Force, Territorial and Army Volunteer Reserve.
Lieutenant Colonel Alfred James MacGregor Percival (451307), The Cheshire Regiment.
Lieutenant Colonel Colin James Scott (412061), 6th Queen Elizabeth's Own Gurkha Rifles.
Lieutenant Colonel Dennis Shaw (448646), Corps of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers.
Lieutenant Colonel Robert More Stewart, TD, (424724), Royal Army Medical Corps, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
Lieutenant Colonel (now acting Colonel) Arthur Thomas Michael Stockdale (426759), Corps of Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers.
Lieutenant Colonel James Robert Templer, MBE. (445984), Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Lieutenant Colonel The Honourable Peter Nanton Trustram-Eve (400474), The Royal Green Jackets.
Lieutenant Colonel (Staff Quartermaster) Ronald James Winstone (472713), Royal Regiment of Artillery (now RARO).
Lieutenant Colonel Peter Robert Buchanan (445805), Royal Corps of Signals.Royal Air ForceActing Group Captain William Henry Croydon.
Wing Commander Brian John Hunter (609199).
Wing Commander Thomas Howard Jackson (53062), (Retd.)
Wing Commander Patrick Howard Lewis, MBE, (607303).
Wing Commander Philip Morton Marsh (199395).
Wing Commander Jenkin Alun Morgan (2492961).
Wing Commander Anthony Mumford (607620).
Wing Commander Sydney Joseph Palmer, DFC, (153277), (Retd.)
Wing Commander Peter Taylor (2765692).
Wing Commander Robin Edwin Vian (507459).
Wing Commander Robert Alfred Warwick (3500718).
Acting Wing Commander Roy Kenneth William Glover, DFC, TD, (142033), Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve (Training Branch).Civil DivisionAlfred William Abigail. For services to the community in Cleveland.
Peter Allwood, Principal, Department of Industry.
Edward Cecil Amey, Member, Watford Borough Council.
Dennis Arundell (Dennis Drew Arundel). For services to Music.
Joseph Charles Asher, Administrative Director and Secretary, British Ship Research Association.
Frederick George Bailey, Chairman, F. Bailey & Son Ltd. For services to journalism.
Major John Charles Balfour, MC, Chairman, Scottish Association of Youth Clubs.
Alan Thomas Bardo, Chairman, Herefordshire Small Industries Committee, Council for Small Industries in Rural Areas.
Thomas Pratt Barlow, Consultant, Rolls-Royce Motors Ltd. For services to Export.
Walter Leopold Milner-Barry. For services to the National Association of Boys' Clubs.
Malcolm John Bidgood, Music Adviser, London Borough of Redbridge.
Harold Colin Black, Director, Aircraft Projects Department, Airworthiness Division, Civil Aviation Authority.
John David Blackwell, RD, Headmaster, Storrington County Primary School, West Sussex.
Thomas Bennion Boden, Dairy Farmer, Staffordshire.
Ronald Francis Boyce, Senior Principal, Board of Customs & Excise.
John Douglas Brad Shaw, Chairman of Executive Council, Amalgamated Union of Engineering Workers.
Jack Gordon Brown, Senior Principal, Department of Transport.
John Ridley Brown, TD, Chairman, Dumfries and Galloway Region Savings Committee.
James Graeme Berry Bruce, Chief Operating Manager (Railways), London Transport Executive.
Alexander Campbell, QPM, Chief Constable, Dumfries and Galloway Constabulary.
Ian Samuel Campbell, Convenor, Highland Regional Council.
Avigdor Cannon, Head, Department of Design Technology, Shoreditch College of Education.
Lieutenant-Colonel Malcolm Peverly Carr, Secretary, Western Wessex Territorial Auxiliary & Volunteer Reserve Association.
John Osborne Cherrington, Agricultural Correspondent, Financial Times.
Arthur Johnson Cleasby. For service to the community in Rochdale.
Arthur William Clift, Managing Director, S. & A. Clift (Birmingham) Ltd.
Arthur Leslie Colbeck, MBE. For services to Sport in the North East.
Donald Frederick Cooper, Director of Purchasing and Supplies, British Gas Corporation.
Lettice Ulpha Cooper, Writer.
John Cordrey, Manager, Personnel Development, Littlewoods Ltd.
John Fairnington Corkhill. For service to the community in the Isle of Man.
Harold Cottam, Chairman, Ibis Kendal Holdings Ltd.
Eileen Cotter, Area Nursing Officer, West Sussex Area Health Authority.
Anthony Michael Cowland, Economic Adviser, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries & Food.
David Baxter Craig, Vice President, British Fishing Federation.
John Andrew Crichton, Convenor, Lothian Regional Council.
David Croft (David John Sharland), Writer.
Eric Dale, Member, Irvine New Town Development Corporation.
Francis Whitney Vaughan Dale, Joint Managing Director, Town & Country Building Society.
George Harold Dalton, Deputy Collector, Board of Customs & Excise.
John Derham Daniell, Chairman, Thanet Area, National Insurance Local Tribunal.
Maureen Sylvia Darby, Branch Director, Belfast City Branch, British Red Cross Society.
Victor Albert Dawes, Principal, Ministry of Defence.
Robert Warburton Dennis, Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Captain Nigel Dixon, Royal Navy (Retd.), Director and Secretary, Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Thomas Donaldson, Principal, Rupert Stanley College of Further Education, Belfast.
Bridget Driscoll, Director of Nursing and Social Work, Soldiers', Sailors' & Airmen's Families Association.
Frank Roy Eccleshare. For service to the community in Lincoln.
Richard John Eden, Head of Energy Research Group, Cavendish Laboratory, University of Cambridge.
Jean Bruce Maitland Ellis, Member, Grampian Area Health Board.
Peter Vernon Ellis, Director, Worldwide Marketing Group, International Computers Limited. For services to Export.
Joseph Richard Ellis, Area Administrator, Merton, Sutton and Wandsworth Area Health Authority (Teaching).
Professor Tom Keightley Ewer, lately Professor of Animal Husbandry, University of Bristol.
Richard Thomas Fairbairn, Principal, Ministry of Defence.
Terence Farrell, Architect, Farrell Grimshaw Partnership.
Douglas John Foskett, Librarian, Institute of Education, University of London.
Maurice Montague Freeland, Superintending Engineer, Crown Agents.
George Rollo Gay, Chairman, St. Cuthbert's Co-operative Association Ltd.
James Chattley George, Principal Professional and Technology Officer, Ministry of Defence.
Harold Leslie George Gibson, MBE, General President, National Union of Hosiery and Knitwear Workers.
Leonard Charles Gilbertson, Assistant Accountant and Comptroller General, Board of Inland Revenue.
Lewis Lawrence Golden, For service to the London Library.
William Victor Golding, lately Chairman, Transport Users' Consultative Committee for the North East.
Richard Percy Herbert Goolden, Actor and Broadcaster.
Kathleen May Leveson-Gower, Chairman, North Yorkshire Probation and After-Care Committee.
James Percy Graham, Director, British Carbonisation Research Association.
Annie Stewart Grant, Education Officer, Central Midwives Board for Scotland.
Douglas Harry Grattidge, lately Senior Principal, Department of Education & Science.
Edna Eileen Mary Gray. For service to the British Cycling Federation.
Oswald Victor Hackett, Deputy General Manager and Chief Actuary, Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance Ltd.
Albert Edward Benjamin Harman, General Manager, Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Ltd.
Frederick John Hatfield, District Nursing Officer, Kent Area Health Authority.
William Hawthorne, TD, Director, Northern Ireland Staffs Council for Health & Social Services.
Eric William Haylock, Editor, Paper.
Thomas John Heal, Chief Technical Manager, Springfields Works, British Nuclear Fuels Ltd.
Norman George Heatley. For services to scientific research.
Wilfred Brooks Heginbotham, Cripps Professor of Production Engineering and Production Management, University of Nottingham.
William Henderson, Headmaster, John Newnham High School, Croydon.
Reginald Arthur Hennery, Manufacturing Director, C.A.V. Group Ltd. For services to Export.
George Brew Hodgson, MBE, Member South East Region, National Savings Committee.
Norman Charles Honey, Governor, Wormwood Scrubs Prison, Home Office.
Ralph Spenser Hooper, Divisional Technical Director, Kingston-Brough Division, British Aerospace.
George Ronald Howe, Deputy National Secretary, Young Men's Christian Association.
Claire Brooke-Hughes, Social Work Service Officer, Department of Health & Social Security.
Edna Hughes, General Secretary, National Association of Teachers of the Mentally Handicapped.
Robert William George Humphreys, lately Chairman, Social Services Committee, London Boroughs Association.
Elsie Mary Lesley Hyatt, Area Controller, North Yorkshire and Humberside Region 2, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Peter Irwin Montgomery Irwin, KPM, Director of Security, Atomic Energy Security Branch, United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.
James Kenneth Jamison, Director, Arts Council of Northern Ireland.
Denys Herbert Lough Jemphrey, Sales Director, Herdman Group. For Services to Export.
John James Jewitt, Managing Director, Footprint Tools Ltd. For services to Export.
Squadron Leader Louis George Johnson, MBE, DFC, AE. For services to ex-Servicemen.
John Taylor Kendal, lately Chief Engineer, Bracknell Development Corporation.
Herbert Edwin Lane, Member, Wolverhampton Borough Council.
Peter Langmead, Chairman, Regional Land Drainage Committee, Southern Water Authority.
John Law, Secretary, Scottish Rugby Union.
Charles Harry Lawrence, MBE, Director, James Purdey & Sons Ltd.
George Leadbeater, Headmaster, Gordon Boys' School, Woking.
Meirion Lewis, Director and Chief Executive, Development Corporation for Wales.
Elisabeth Ruth Littlejohn, Deputy Director, National Council of Social Services.
Joe Loss (Joshua Alexander Loss), Band-leader.
Norman Frederick Lowe, Principal, Price Commission.
John McAreavey, Assistant Controller, Board of Inland Revenue.
Michael McAtamney, MBE, Assistant Chief Constable, Royal Ulster Constabulary.
David John McDine, lately Chief Information Officer B, Ministry of Defence.
John William McIvor, Principal Scientific Officer, Ministry of Defence.
John Mackay, Chairman and Managing Director, Hugh Mackay & Co. Ltd. For services to Export.
Eric Wilson Mackman, lately Chairman, Board of Visitors, HM Prison Hull.
Hugh McLean, Mayor of Carrickfergus, County Antrim.
Robert McLellan, Playwright.
Julie-Ann Macqueen, Director, Scottish Council for Single Parents.
Robert Herman MacWilliam. For services to the Institution of Mining & Metallurgy.
Daniel Manson, Principal, Department of Employment.
Daniel Binnie Marshall, Chairman, D. B. Marshall (Newbridge) Ltd., Midlothian.
Michael Charles Martin, Head, Scientific and Technical Department, Royal National Institute for the Deaf.
Margaret Evelyn Meades, Secretary, Horserace Betting Levy Board.
Edwin Ernest Medland, Headmaster, Richmond School, Whitehaven.
Brenda Dorothy Mee, General Secretary, Royal College of Midwives.
George MacBeth Menzies, Chairman, North British Steel Group Ltd., Bathgate. For services to Export.
Maurice William Message, Senior Principal, Science Research Council.
Peter Carmichael Millar, Clerk to the Society of Writers to Her Majesty's Signet.
William Thomas Cavendish Miller, Managing Director, Normalair-Garrett Ltd. For services to Export.
Peter Mills, Principal Professional and Technology Officer, Department of the Environment.
Archibald John Campbell Mitchell, Senior Principal, Scottish Office.
James Fairley Moffat, Governor, Jordanhill College of Education, Glasgow.
John William Moody, QPM, Deputy Chief Constable, Lancashire Constabulary.
William Henry Morrow. For services to Dentistry in Northern Ireland.
James Patrick Mel O'Connor, lately Director, Institute of Practitioners in Advertising.
Richard Sidney Odd, Deputy Chairman, Lansing Bagnall Ltd. For services to Export.
Mervyn Victor Osmond, lately Secretary, Council for the Protection of Rural England.
Fay Pannell, Managing Director, Conference Services Ltd. For services to Export.
Harry Parkin, Director, Personnel and Social Policy, Sheffield Division, British Steel Corporation.
Henry Deryck Peake. For service to municipal engineering.
Jimmy Perry, Writer.
John Charles Peterson, TD. For services to Sport particularly in Wales.
Maurice Ambrose Pocock, Member, Business Studies Board, Council for National Academic Awards.
Terence Antony Podesta. For services to Hockey.
Harold Johnson Porter, QFSM, Chief Fire Officer, Cumbria Fire Brigade.
David Maxwell Proctor, Consultant, Aberdeen Royal Infirmary.
John Rae, Head, Monitoring Service, British Broadcasting Corporation.
Denis Guthridge Rattle, Chairman, Liverpool and Merseyside Branch, English-Speaking Union.
Dennis George Fielding Rawlinson, Regional Director, Northern Region, National Bus Company Ltd.
Herbert Arthur Ray, National Secretary, Food Drink Tobacco Agriculture Group, Transport and General Workers Union.
Professor John Edwin George Raymont, Vice-Chairman, Hampshire Area Health Authority.
Peter Milner Raynes, DSC, VRD, Director-General, Liverpool Cotton Association.
Gordon Blair Reid, Director, Thos. & Jas. Harrison Ltd., Harrison Line.
Joseph Geoffrey Roberts, Regional Pharmaceutical Officer, Merseyside Regional Health Authority.
Geoffrey Alan Robinson, Secretary, Board of Governors, National Hospital for Nervous Diseases.
Alan Alistair Ross, President, Ogilvy Benson & Mather Ltd.
Patrick Ross, QPM, Deputy Chief Constable, Sussex Police.
John Christopher Rowe, lately Senior Legal Assistant, Public Trustee Office.
Joyce Lilian Rowley, Chairman, Wales Council for the Disabled.
Frederick Leonard Sage, Official Receiver, Department of Trade.
Robert Nicholl Settle, Overseas Projects Director, Dynamics Group, British Aerospace. For services to Export.
Douglas Raymond Sharp, MBE, Director, Advisory Division, Cement & Concrete Association.
William Robinson Shirrefs, TD, County Surveyor, Leicestershire County Council.
Albert Harry Slater, Managing Director, Tate & Lyle Engineering Ltd. For services to Export.
William George Speakman, lately Director, National Milk Publicity Council.
Thomas Stephen Stallabrass, lately Director, Anchor Housing Association.
Harry Prentice Stout, Member, Noise Advisory Council.
Edward Leslie Streatfield, Chairman, Research Advisory Committee, Water Research Centre.
Oswald Summers, Senior Principal, Department of Health & Social Security.
James Taylor, Headmaster, Stepney Green Comprehensive School for Boys.
Lilian Agnes Mary Lloyd-Taylor, Member, East Hertfordshire District Council.
Charles London Templeman, Director-General, Purchasing and Stores Department, National Coal Board.
Raymond Elliott Thomas, Professor of Business Administration, University of Bath.
Thomas James Thomson, Consultant Physician, Stobhill Hospital, Glasgow.
Gordon Greenway Tilsley, Chief Executive, Norwich City Council.
Major Robert Tomlins. For service to the Royal British Legion.
Henry Toner, Chairman, Catering Industry Training Board, Northern Ireland.
Charles Frederick Tunnicliffe, Painter.
Geoffrey Turner, lately Principal, Department of Health & Social Services for Northern Ireland.
Richard Timmis Turner, Marketing Executive, Civil Engines, Rolls-Royce Ltd. For services to Export.
Philip Sidney Waddington, Superintending Planner, Department of the Environment.
Dick Harry Walker, lately Deputy Chairman, Southern Electricity Board.
William Henry Walton, lately Deputy Director, Institute of Occupational Medicine, Edinburgh.
Jess Warren, Chairman, Mid Glamorgan Area Health Authority.
Sidney John West, Director and Chief Executive, Engineering Employers' (West of England) Association.
George Leach Whiteside, Clerk to the Justices, Chertsey and Woking Petty Sessional Division.
Evan William Meurig Williams, Chancellor, Priory for Wales, St. John Ambulance Brigade.
Kathleen Jean Wallace Wilson, Nursing Research Liaison Officer, West Midlands Regional Health Authority.
Thomas Henry Wright. For services to the Magistracy in Doncaster.
Geoffrey Richard Miller Yardley, General Dental Practitioner, Lichfield.Diplomatic Service and Overseas ListKenneth Alexander Adcock. For services to the British community in Kenya.
John Willoughby Breadalbane Annesley. For services to British commercial interests in Malaysia.
Salvador Emilio Awe. For dental services to the community in Belize.
Thomas Bambury, MVO, First Secretary (Administration) British High Commission, New Delhi.
Jack Barrah. For services to wildlife conservation in Kenya.
Brian Roy Berry, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of External Affairs, Belize.
Ethel May Biddis. For welfare services to handicapped children in Malta.
Lionel Geoffrey Blake, JP. For public services in the Falkland Islands.
Algernon Ivor Boyd. For services to medicine in Antigua.
Olga Brangman, MBE. For welfare services to children in Bermuda.
Ian Brett, Director, News Division, British Information Services, New York.
Edgar Samuel Bridgewater, MBE. For public services in St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla.
James Barry Conway Brown, Science Officer, British Council, Paris.
Robert Henry Callaghan. For services to British commercial interests and the community in Ghana.
Walter Antony Caro. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in Germany.
Kenneth Arnold Henry Cassell, Permanent Secretary to the Chief Minister, Montserrat.
Leroy Maxwell Clark, MVO, QPM, CPM, Commissioner of Police, Bermuda.
John Gavin Alexander Clezy. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in Greece.
William Simpson Coe. For public services in the Cayman Islands.
Duncan Gordon Conacher, Chief Medical Officer, British National Service, New Hebrides Condominium.
Elisabeth Mary Cranch Cousens. For medical and welfare services to the community in Indonesia.
Robert John Cox. For services to the British community in Argentina.
Francis Crabb, ED, Director of Accounting Services, Hong Kong.
Charles McKenzie Cullen. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in Saudi Arabia.
Donald Gumming, HM Consul, British Consulate, Bergen.
Roger Peter Havard Davies, Regional Education Adviser, British Council, Calcutta.
The Reverend Dennis Dugdale. For services to the British community in Belgium.
Donald Gordon Ellis. For services to British commercial interests in Saudi Arabia.
Malcolm Learmonth Lyall Ellis. For services to British commercial interests in Saudi Arabia.
John Alexander Flynn. For medical and welfare services to the community in Ethiopia.
Kenneth Alexis Gomez. For public services in Antigua.
Leslie William Gordon. For public services in Hong Kong.
John Hammond. For services to British interests in Guyana and to Anglo-Guyanese relations.
Roland Ivor Harries. For services to British commercial interests in Japan.
David Malcolm Harrison, First Secretary and Consul, HM Embassy, Islamabad.
Captain James Walter Harwood. For services to British commercial interests in Seychelles.
Patrick Ferrer Hawkins. For services to the British community in Ethiopia and to Anglo-Ethiopian relations.
John Wilson Henderson. For services to British commercial interests in Malaysia.
Jack Hirst. For services to University education in Nigeria.
Nga-ming Ho, Deputy Director of Education, Hong Kong.
Kendall Allan Hutton. For services to the community in the New Hebrides Condominium.
Anthony John Jackson. For services to British commercial interests in Nigeria.
Raymond James Jacques, HM Consul, British Consulate, Venice.
Eric Michael Johnson. For services to agricultural development in Kenya.
Annie Khalafallah. For services to the teaching of English in Alexandria.
Wilfred Robert Ambrose Kimber. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in Karachi.
John Burke King. For public services in St. Lucia.
Babera Kirata, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Gilbert Islands.
Richard Ming Lai, Director of Information Services, Hong Kong.
David Wynn Lewis. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in Liberia.
James Alexander Maclean. For services to British commercial interests in Canada.
Christopher W. McDonald. For services to the British community in Japan and to Anglo-Japanese relations.
Peter Hunter MacDonald, Regional Director, British Council, Berlin. (Deceased.)
Ian Norman Macleod, lately Honorary British Representative, Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia.
Edward Arthur Marsden, Court Clerk, Supreme Restitution Court, Herford, Germany.
Robert Wesley Stuart Mitchell. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in the Netherlands.
John McDonald Morris, lately Chief Education Officer, British National Service, New Hebrides Condominium.
Kenneth William Calvert Mount. For services to British commercial interests in Indonesia.
Albert Augustus Charles Nash, MBE, First Secretary (Commercial), HM Embassy, Rome.
Bronislaw Nec, lately Chief Projects Officer, Ministry of Agriculture, Malawi.
Peter Ralph Nelson, Chief Engineer, Ministry of Works and Public Utilities, Solomon Islands.
The Venerable Archdeacon Reginald Basil Ney, MBE. For services to the British community in Madrid.
Sidney Edward Payn Nowill. For services to the British community in Istanbul.
George Percival. For services to British commercial interests in the USA.
Harry Seddon Pettit. For services to British commercial interests in New Zealand.
Baron John Phillips, MBE, GM. For services to the British community in Monte Carlo.
Frank Charles Plunkett. For services to British commercial interests in Thailand.
The Reverend John Mead Ray. For education and welfare services to the community in Kashmir.
Captain Teitia Redfern, Chairman, Public Services Commission, Gilbert Islands.
Edward Flinn Reid. For services to British commercial interests in Germany.
John Single Martyn Roberts, lately Chargé d'Affaires, HM Embassy, Aden.
Cornwall Fitz-Herbert Scott. For public services in St. Vincent.
John Power Barrington Simeon, Deputy British High Commissioner, Ibadan, Nigeria.
Eunice Maie Redmayne Tattersall. For services to nursing training in Nigeria.
Bauro Tikana. For public services in the Gilbert Islands.
Peter Barry Williams, Commissioner of Labour, Hong Kong.
Reginald Woodward. For services to Anglo-Nigerian relations in Kano.
Kenneth William Wright. For services to British commercial interests in Australia.
Edward Milne Younie, First Secretary, British High Commission, Nairobi.Australian StatesState of New South WalesKenneth Leo Brodziak. For services to the theatre.
Teofila Cohen. For services to education.
Stella Cornelius. For services to commerce and the community.
Peter John Waraker Cottrell. For services to industry.
Richmond Jeremy. For services to medicine.
Raymond George Maker. For services to the community.
Richard Chapman Hope Mason. For services to the community.
John David Newcombe. For services to sport.
Norman Arthur Pardoe. For services to industry.
Professor Michael George Pitman, Professor of Biology, University of Sydney.
The Right Reverend Donald Norman Shearman, Anglican Bishop of Grafton.
Joyce Fyfe Wylie. For services to education.State of VictoriaRonald G. Cochran, of Sandringham. For services to the sport of trotting.
Edward Eugene Falk, of Mount Waverley. For services to commerce.
Donald McLeish Ferguson, of Toorak. For services to hospital administration.
John Widdis Leslie, of Sale. For services to the community.
John George Hamilton Refshauge, of Williamstown. For services to sports medicine.
Allan Gordon Robertson, of Beaumaris. For public service.
Alice Elizabeth Wilmot, of South Yarra. For services to maternal and child health.
Oliver Wood, of Drumcondra. For municipal service.State of QueenslandWilliam Francis Birmingham, of Nerang. For services to local government.
Micheli Borzi, of Mareeba. For services to local government and the community.
The Reverend Canon Alfred Stephen Jull, of Victoria Point. For services to the Church of England in Australia.
Margaret Mary Kelman, of Buderim. For services to aviation in Queensland, particularly in the promotion of women in aviation.
Anna Caroline Smith, of Chermside. For services to the photographic industry and community.
Cyril George Henry Warnick, of Nanango. For services to the dairying industry and community.State of Western AustraliaFlora McCrae Bunning, of Cottesloe. For services to the arts.
George Samuel Eves, of Mullewa. For services to the community.
John Alan Mattinson, of Floreat Park. For services to the community.
Military DivisionRoyal NavyLieutenant Commander (SD) John Arthur Andrews.
Lieutenant Commander Kenneth Eric Brierley.
First Officer Rita Armenil Brown, Women's Royal Naval Service.
Lieutenant Commander John Patrick Clarke.
Lieutenant Commander (SD) William George Dungate, RVM.
Temporary Lieutenant (SD) Geoffrey Alfred Everett.
Fleet Chief Cook Kenneth Gibson Fraser, M873446P.
Fleet Chief Air Fitter (A/E) John Jordan, F822881T.
Fleet Chief Wren Quarters Assistant Kathleen Jeans Audrey Newman, W076924C.
Lieutenant Commander (SD) John Albert Price.
Lieutenant Commander Walter Maitland Thornton, RD, Royal Naval Reserve.
Lieutenant Commander John Howard Townshend.
Lieutenant Commander (SCC) George Twizell, Royal Naval Reserve.
Lieutenant Commander Christopher Gordon Ouseley Walker.Army6088678 Warrant Officer Class 2 Philip Allard, Welsh Guards.
Major Michael Graham Rex Anderson (468934), Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Major John Michael Beckingsale, MC, (456268), Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Major (Queen's Gurkha Officer) Bhagisor Limbu (477211), 10th Princess Mary's Own Gurkha Rifles.
23738469 Warrant Officer Class 2 Peter Anthony Broome, Intelligence Corps.
Major (Quartermaster) Ronald Gordon Brown (478374), 17th/21st Lancers.
Major John Alfred Cameron (428429), Royal Corps of Transport.
14421653 Warrant Officer Class 2 (Acting Warrant Officer Class 1) Gordon Cammack, The Gordon Highlanders.
Major Anthony Loftus St. George Stephenson Clarke (426850), The Light Infantry.
Major Michael Heath Collings (397850), Royal Tank Regiment.
22959522 Warrant Officer Class 1 Kenneth James Dakin, 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards.
Major Colin Edward Darwin (488613) The Light Infantry.
Major Bryan Hawkins Dutton (473935), The Devonshire and Dorset Regiment.
Captain (Quartermaster) Francis Xavier Erdozain (485624), Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Major (Acting) Thomas Henry Evans (460305), Army Cadet Force, Territorial and Army Volunteer Reserve.
Major Terence Joseph Finney (482379), Royal Army Educational Corps.
Captain Michael Anthony Gaffney (496696), Royal Army Pay Corps.
Major Colin Edward Grundy (443458), Royal Corps of Signals.
Major Barry John Harban (463348), Royal Corps of Transport.
Major (Quartermaster) Francis Charles Hobbs (470806), The Parachute Regiment.
Major (Quartermaster) Ronald James Jeffreys (479912), 4th/7th Royal Dragoon Guards.
Major Anthony Lionel Oldershaw Jerram (457191), The Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters Regiment (29th/45th Foot).
Honorary Major Wallace Ivor Lashbrook, DFC, AFC, DFM, (465008), Army Cadet Force, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve (now Retd.).
Major John Anthony Moreton (403626), 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards.
Major John Eric McClintock Newbery (388769), 10th Princess Mary's Own Gurkha Rifles (now Retd.).
22818250 Warrant Officer Class 2 Frederick George Orford, Corps of Royal Engineers, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve (now Discharged).
Major (Acting) William Thomas Henry Randall (469673), Army Cadet Force, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
23698352 Warrant Officer Class 1 James Reid, Army Catering Corps.
23372796 Warrant Officer Class 1 Alexander Milne Robertson, Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
Major Peter Robin Rostron (474596), The Gloucestershire Regiment.
Major Patrick Francis Russell (469844), The Cheshire Regiment.
22130882 Warrant Officer Class 2 Joseph Derek Steven, The Duke of Lancaster's Own Yeomanry, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
Major Bernard Frank Strange (461982), Royal Corps of Signals.
Major John Martin Taylor (474069), The Royal Green Jackets.
22816273 Warrant Officer Class 2 (Acting Warrant Officer Class 1) Terence Thomas, Corps of Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers (now Discharged).
Major William Cledwyn Teilo Thomas (469510), Royal Army Medical Corps, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
Major Louis Thompson, MC, (378378), Royal Corps of Transport (RARO).
Major (Quartermaster) Thomas Horace Edward Turner (485041), Royal Corps of Transport.
23734885 Warrant Officer Class 2 Michael Francis Vaughan, Royal Regiment of Artillery.
Major (Quartermaster) James Eric Williams (485376), Irish Guards.
Captain (Acting Major) Alfred Leslie Howard Windsor (490808), The Worcestershire & Sherwood Foresters Regiment (29th/45th Foot).Royal Air ForceSquadron Leader Robert Bowie (58022).
Squadron Leader David John Brinkman (4118083).
Squadron Leader Patrick George Roland Lock (1334960).
The Reverend George Brian McAvoy (5200825).
Squadron Leader Peter John Mellish (4074988).
Squadron Leader Wallace Hutchinson Ward Norton (3510704).
Squadron Leader John Adrian Partington (507343).
Squadron Leader William Stanley Price (2434688).
Squadron Leader Peter Nimrod Prior (506559).
Squadron Leader Peter John Thomas (3518708).
Squadron Leader Laurence Harvey Wright (4038152).
Squadron Leader George Kenneth Young (506088).
Acting Squadron Leader George Campbell (1564294), Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve (Training Branch).
Flight Lieutenant George David Aram (4231230).
Flight Lieutenant Michael Arthur Rufus Heald (1813102).
Flight Lieutenant Roger Charles Jevons (208498).
Flight Lieutenant Keith Albert Richard Knight (685677).
Flight Lieutenant Paul Turfery (1940427).
Flight Lieutenant Geoffrey John Keith Williams (685310).
Flight Lieutenant Paul Woodward (4220043).
Warrant Officer Victor Bennett (K0582268).
Warrant Officer Myrtle May Devine (E2816880), Women's Royal Air Force.
Warrant Officer Robert George Ford (G4028286).
Warrant Officer Thomas Gavin, AFM, (H4008785).
Warrant Officer Raymond Mayes (A4032756).
Warrant Officer Gordon Reid Menzies (HI920330).
Warrant Officer Robert Henry Smith (U4017768).
Warrant Officer Leslie James Stephen (J0592837).
Warrant Officer Ernest Edward West (B0575951).Civil DivisionJohn Frederick Ablett. For service to the community in Cambridge.
Arthur Samuel Adams. For services to the Tower Hamlets Rifles and 9th & 10th Battalions, The Rifle Brigade Old Comrades' Association & Benevolent Fund.
Dorothy Rosemary Ainsworth, Inspector Higher Grade, Board of Inland Revenue.
Derek John Frederick Alldridge, Inspector, Metropolitan Police.
Arthur Leighton Allen, Land Drainage Officer, Salop County Council.
Cyril Ambler, Senior Nursing Officer, St. Catherine's Hospital, Doncaster Area Health Authority.
Andrew Barclay Anderson, Shipyard Manager, Ferguson Brothers (Port Glasgow) Ltd.
Mary Campbell Anthony, Member, Borders Health Board.
Roderick James Rogers Armstrong, Chief Engineer (Dynamics), Dowty Rotol Ltd.
Joan Haigh Ashworth, Senior Administrative Assistant, Association of District Councils.
Leonard Atherton, Manager, Particle Accelerator Division, MEL Equipment Co.
Margaret Patricia Austin, Personal Secretary, National Freight Corporation.
Robert Bailey, Executive Chairman, Lancashire United Transport Ltd.
Dereck Trevor Bailie, Secretary, County Londonderry Savings Committee.
John Carter Baily, Upland Management Officer, Lake District Special Planning Board.
Thomas Douglas Bainbridge, Senior Executive Officer, Department of Health & Social Security.
Mary Desborough Balding, Chairman, Wantage Centre, Oxfordshire Branch, British Red Cross Society.
Elizabeth Joan Bamford. For services to Music in Wigan.
John Henry Barrett. For services to conservation, in West Wales.
Cyril Beard, Clerical Officer, Ministry of Defence.
Elsie Lilian Rosa Beaton, Private Secretary to Members of Parliament.
George Henry Jackson Bell, Senior Executive Officer, Scottish Office.
Margaret Allison Bell. For services to Save the Children Fund in Northern Ireland.
Claus Werner Benedict, Managing Director, Porth Textiles Ltd., Rhondda.
John Berger, lately Regional Secretary, South-West Region, Federation of Civil Engineering Contractors.
Stanley Ernest Best, Nursing Officer, Laninial House, Cornwall and Isles of Scilly Area Health Authority.
Guy Waterlow Bingham. For services to journalism in Surrey.
James Hardie Binnie, Group Personnel Manager, Bridon Ltd., Doncaster.
St. John Binns, Divisional Organiser, Amalgamated Union of Engineering Workers.
Lucy Emily Rose Blackwell, Executive Officer, Department of Industry.
John Timothy Bland, Vice-President, Midland Branch, Sea Cadet Association.
Sidney Edwin Stanley Bollon, lately Secretary to the Lord Chief Justice of England.
Harold George Bowles, Treasurer, Somerset and South Avon Wing, Air Training Corps.
Helen Bradley, Painter.
Dennis Edward Brazil, Headmaster, Ladypool Primary School, Sparkbrook, Birmingham.
Douglas Wilson Bremner, Audio Typist, Board of Inland Revenue.
Richard John Brenton, Inspector Higher Grade, Board of Inland Revenue.
Ted Broughton, Area Manager, Skipton, Yorkshire Water Authority.
John Desmond Brown, Chairman, Regional Committee (Bristol), Transport and General Workers Union.
Major John Joseph Brown, lately Retd. Officer Grade II, Ministry of Defence.
Leonard Harold Brown. For services to the community in Downham Market.
William James Bryson, Investigation Officer Class II, Central Headquarters, Post Office.
John Richard Burr, Higher Executive Officer, Board of Inland Revenue.
Eric Alfred Busby. For services to the community in Ilkley, West Yorkshire.
David Hugh Byatt, Chief Immigration Officer, Home Office.
Patrick James Campbell, Clerical Officer, Ministry of Defence.
Leslie James Carnall, Principal Nursing Officer, Rampton Hospital, Department of Health & Social Security.
James Carby Carr, Nursing Officer, Whitecroft Hospital, Isle of Wight Area Health Authority.
Reginald Charles Tabrum Champ, Assistant Information Officer, Central Office of Information.
John William Herbert Cheatle, Executive Officer, Cabinet Office.
Paul Richard Cheffins, Sales Administration Manager, Thames Television Ltd.
William Harry Clarke. For services to the Magistracy in Hereford and Worcester.
Walter Robert Clee. For services to the London Federation of Boys' Clubs.
Gilbert Coates, lately Higher Executive Officer, Department for National Savings.
Alice Louvain Nicol Cochrane, Emergency Services Organiser, Grampian Region, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Mabs Constance Cockayne, Headmistress, Chorlton Park Junior School, Manchester.
Stella May Codling, Health Visitor, North Yorkshire Area Health Authority.
Sidney Walter Cole, Senior Executive Officer, Paymaster General's Office.
Bartholomew Collins, Editor, International Petroleum Times.
Gordon Willmore Cook, Water Engineer, Scunthorpe Division, British Steel Corporation.
John William Horace Cook, Deputy Chairman, West Essex Wing, Air Training Corps.
Sydney James Cooper. For services to the Scout Association in Wales.
Cyril Coultish, Chairman, Selby District Council.
Enid Muriel Coward, Member, Leeds Metropolitan District Council.
John Alexander Cowe, Professional and Technology Officer Grade I, Department of the Environment.
Henry Paton Fowler Crawford, Secretary, Scottish Agricultural and Forestry Section, Transport and General Workers Union.
Gladys Dora Cremer, Administrative Officer, The Fabian Society.
Kenneth Owen Crowley, Senior Executive Officer, Ministry of Defence.
John Collins Cunningham. For services to the community in East Belfast.
Frank Willis Cureton, County Secretary, Cheshire, National Farmers' Union.
Maire Eibhlin Darbyshire, Collector Higher Grade, Board of Inland Revenue.
Nora Davidson, Metropolitan District Organiser, Kirklees, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
William Hugh Davidson, Electrical Manager, British Shipbuilders (Yarrow (Shipbuilders) Ltd.).
Dennis James Davies, General Manager, Royal Glasgow Workshops for the Blind.
Edmund Ernest Davies, Chief Development Engineer, Asquith Division, Staveley Machine Tools Ltd. For services to Export.
William Owen Davies. For services to the community in Brecon.
Stanley Victor Deffee, Higher Executive Officer, Home Office.
Elizabeth Dempsey, Senior Superintendent of Typists, Department of the Environment.
Roderick Kenneth Dotchin, Chairman, Stewards Committee of The Freemen of the City of Newcastle upon Tyne.
Margaret Haig Downing, Nursing Officer, Cowley Road Hospital, Oxfordshire Area Health Authority.
Mollie Violet Drew, Senior Personal Secretary, Ministry of Defence.
William Cecil Dutton, Chairman, Cheshire County Savings Committee.
John Edward Alexander Dyball, Head of Department, English and Humanities, South Grove Comprehensive School, Rotherham.
Sylvia Celia East, Concert Administrator, Royal Philharmonic Society.
William Frederick Eastwick, Local Committee Member, South Eastern Gas Consumers' Council.
Fred Eastwood, lately Industrial Relations Officer, Express Dairies Ltd.
Kathleen Mary Edlington, Vice President, Gainsborough & District Society for Mentally Handicapped Children.
Benjamin Oswald Edwards, Personnel Officer, Gloucester Works, Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd.
Cyril George William Edwards, Works Director, Messrs. Wynstruments Ltd.
William Bramwell Edwards, District Finance Officer, Kent Area Health Authority.
James Kenneth England, CPM, Chief Superintendent, Durham Constabulary.
Alexander Morgan Samuel Evans, Head of Department of Food Technology, North Gloucestershire College of Technology, Cheltenham.
Phyllis Bertha Eynon, Organiser, Citizens' Advice Bureau, Newport, Gwent.
Alan Bertram Fallowfield, Higher Executive Officer, Metropolitan Police Office.
Louis Ferrar. For services to the community in Scotland.
Marjorie Ethel Ferris. For services to the elderly in Devizes.
Alexander Ferry, Assistant General Secretary, Confederation of Shipbuilding and Engineering Unions.
Jack Leonard Fisher, Training Service Officer, Grade I, Department of Employment.
Maud Lilian Ford, Supervisor, Admissions and Emergency Inquiry Service, Whittington Hospital.
Charles Lewis Forrest, Senior Mill Manager, Brockhouse District Steel Ltd.
Harold Forster, Area Manager, Manchester Piccadilly, London Midland Region, British Railways Board.
Olive Ursula Foss, Consultant, City and Guilds of London Institute.
Edward Worsdell Fox, Reserve Chairman, Supplementary Benefit Appeal Tribunal, Merseyside.
Jack Wilfred Fuller, Fitting Out Manager, Brooke Marine Ltd. For services to Export.
Frederick John Gamble, Journalist, Belfast Telegraph.
Robert Howard Gammon, Director, Southern Science and Technology Forum, University of Southampton.
Arthur David Garfield, Farmer, Mid Glamorgan.
Patrick John Garrow, Chief Forester, East Scotland Conservancy, Forestry Commission.
Joseph Norman Gass, Professional and Technical Officer Grade I, Department of the Environment, Northern Ireland.
William John Gibson. For services to the National Society of Leisure Gardeners.
Norman Gifford. For services to Cricket.
Lilian Cordelia Kathleen Glassby. For services to the community in Pontefract, West Yorkshire.
Kenneth John Goatcher, Higher Executive Officer, Ministry of Defence.
Christina Constance Gooch, Representative, The Queen's Gurkha Engineers, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Walter James Gooden, Group Commandant, No. 7 Group, Bedford, Royal Observer Corps.
Osmond Clive Gray, Manager, Training Centre, South of Scotland Electricity Board.
Stanley Samuel Grayson, Member, North Kesteven District Council.
Robert Albert Green, Lately Assistant Treasurer, Greater London Council.
Kathleen Zia Grieve, Referral Officer, Telephone Referral Service for Adult Literacy (Scotland), British Broadcasting Corporation.
Roy William Griffin, MM, Chairman, South London Family Housing Association.
Frank Alfred Grout, Industrial Development Officer, Dyfed County Council.
Geoffrey Frederick Hadrill. For services to journalism in Buckinghamshire.
William Haining, Chief Superintendent, Strathclyde Police.
Frederick Arthur Hale, Deputy Manager, Plaistow Wharf, Tate & Lyle Refineries Ltd.
John Christopher Hale, Higher Scientific Officer, United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.
Eldwyth Gladys Hall. For services to the London Marriage Guidance Council.
Mary Hanbury (The Reverend Mother Donatus), Mother Superior of Nazareth House, Cardiff.
Frederick Lifford Hance, Postal Executive 'B', Head Post Office Medway, South Eastern Postal Region.
Captain Thomas Hand, lately Harbour Master, Tees and Hartlepool Port Authority.
Walter Thomas Hanwell, Works Manager, Howard Doris Ltd., Kishorn.
Basil Hardaker, lately Docks Engineer, Hull, British Transport Docks Board.
Gladys Ada Youngs Harrison, lately Member, Southwold County Council.
Olive Mary Harrison, Editor, British Medical Bulletin, British Council.
William George Hart, Assistant Secretary (Estates & Wayleaves), South Eastern Region, Central Electricity Generating Board.
Grace Beatrice Hasler, Personal Secretary, British Electric Traction Group.
John Henry Hawkey, Director and Chief Executive, Ault & Wiborg International Ltd. For services to Export.
Eric James Haworth, Higher Executive Officer, Department of Health & Social Security.
Michael Hazelwood. For services to Water Ski-ing.
Enid Beryl Healy, Higher Executive Officer, Department of Education & Science.
Edwin Henderson, Foreign & Commonwealth Office.
Captain Mark Joseph Higgins, lately Commodore-Captain, Sir William Reardon Smith Lines.
Thomas Richard Higgs, Senior Executive Officer, Board of Customs & Excise.
William Wilson Hill, Chief Superintendent, Royal Ulster Constabulary.
Jessie Hinchliffe (Jessie May Rawsthorne), Violinist.
William John Holland, First Class Clerk, Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland.
Major Stanley Charles Holmes, TD, Chief Commandant, City of London Special Constabulary.
Bertram James Howtard, Assistant Manager, Overseas Service, Navy, Army and Air Force Institutes.
Herbert Howarth, Headmaster, Danecourt School, Gillingham.
Ralph William Howes, Chief Cashier, Alvis Ltd.
Raymond Evan Hufton, Project Designer, Lucas Aerospace Ltd. For services to Export.
Brian George Charles Huggett. For services to Golf.
Eric Vivian Hughes, Regional Secretary, Union of Construction, Allied Trades and Technicians.
Robert Vincent Hughes, lately Higher Executive Officer, Department of Transport.
Cyril Albert Jackson, Senior Executive Officer, Department for National Savings.
Richard Arthur Ward Jackson, lately Senior Tutor (Training Nurses for Mentally Handicapped), Broadland School of Nursing, Norwich.
William Alexander James, Chief Architect, Midlands Housing Consortium.
Lieutenant Colonel Andrew Jardine, Chairman, Hounslow, Hammersmith and Richmond War Pensions Committee.
William George Jelley, Deputy Chairman, London Industrial Savings Committee.
John Owen Jenkins, Member, (Physiotherapy), Council for Professions Supplementary to Medicine.
Archibald McGillvray Johnston, Higher Executive Officer, Department of Employment.
Annie Mary Jones, lately Nursing Officer, Tregaron Geriatric Hospital, Dyfed.
Charles William Jones, Senior Executive Officer, Department of Health & Social Security.
Frank Jones, Group Officer, No. 12 Group, Bristol, Royal Observer Corps.
Stanley Bernard Jones, Tax Officer Higher Grade, Board of Inland Revenue.
Thomas Keaveney. For services to Amateur Rugby League.
Mary Pickering Keenleyside, Divisional Officer, Social Services Department, Watford and Bushey, Hertfordshire County Council.
George Kellet, Chairman, Shropshire Savings Committee.
Regina Lily Kershaw, lately Teacher/Librarian, Montem Infants' School, London.
Mary Graham Kevis, Senior Executive Officer, Agricultural Research Council.
Joyce Botcherby Kirtley, Chief Community Relations Adviser, Ministry of Defence.
Joseph Kitchen, Regional Officer, Yorkshire and North Derbyshire Region, General and Municipal Workers' Union.
Cyril Edward Lanxon, lately Senior Legal Assistant, Cornwall County Council.
Robert Melanchthon Large, Director, Morbank Ltd., Pontypridd.
Douglas Henry Leather, Deputy Clerk to the Justices, Blackburn.
Cecil Harris Leonard, Conductor, Dyffryn Nantlle Male Voice Choir.
Marigold Joy Lewis, Senior Lecturer, School of Librarianship, Polytechnic of North London.
Selwyn John Lewis, Assistant City Building Finance Officer, Birmingham.
Thomas Downie Lindsay, Member, Cunninghame District Council.
Ruth Little, Chief Officer, Headquarters, Girls' Nautical Training Corps.
Douglas Littlewood, Administrator (Capital Development), Trent Regional Health Authority.
Major Ronald William Livingstone, Staff Officer Cadets, Highlands of Scotland Territorial Auxiliary & Volunteer Reserve Association.
Frederick Charles Long, Supervisor, Special Reporting, The Press Association Ltd.
Frederick John Lowden, Senior Executive Officer, Department of Health & Social Security.
Ruth Margaret Loy, Senior Executive Officer, Office of Population Censuses and Surveys.
Joan Andrea Caron Lynch. For services to Athletics.
John McAlister, Surveyor, Board of Customs & Excise.
Frederick Robert McBride, Fuel Technologist, John Kelly Ltd.
Peter Henry McCarthy, Administrative Officer, France Area, Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
Gerald Whinton McClelland. For service to the Soldiers & Airmen's Scripture Readers Association.
John Francis McClure, Secretary, Northern Ireland District, Boys' Brigade.
Robert Adam McComb, Superintendent, Royal Ulster Constabulary.
Edward McConnell, Assistant Head Teacher, St. Mungo's Academy, Glasgow.
John Alexander McConnell, Chief Superintendent, Royal Ulster Constabulary.
Evelyn Maud Macdonald. For service to the community in Skye.
David Matthew, McElhinney, Chief Structures Engineer, Weybridge, Commercial Aircraft Division, British Aerospace (British Aircraft Corporation).
Thomas Joseph McGann, General Sales Manager, Pye TVT Ltd. For services to Export.
Jessie Dorothy Mary McKirdy, Employment Nursing Adviser, Department of Employment.
Pipe Major Donald MacLeod. For services to Piping.
Hector McNab, Senior Officer, Board of Customs & Excise.
Alexander Main, Senior Tutor, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Newcastle upon Tyne.
Frederick Thomas Mansfield. For services to the community, and particularly to young people in Derby.
Joan Marsden, Floor Manager, Television, British Broadcasting Corporation.
Thomas Alfred Marshall, Senior Chief Technician, King's College Hospital Dental School.
John Arthur Matthews, Divisional Officer Grade III, Fire Authority for Northern Ireland.
William Millar, Assistant Director of Training (Scotland & Northern Ireland), National Water Council.
Euphemia Miller. For services to the blind in Windsor and Maidenhead.
Edward Albert Milton. For services to the National Federation of Old Age Pensioners Association in Wales.
Thomas Walter Myers, Secretary, Cotton Industry War Memorial Trust.
Harold Naylor, lately Chairman, Steering Group for the Quality of Life Experiment in Stoke-on-Trent.
Nellie Reid Neave, lately Midwifery Sister, Arbroath Infirmary.
Frank William Albert Neck, Professional and Technology Officer Grade II, Ministry of Defence.
Evelyn Irene Nicklin, Education Officer, HM Prison, Moor Court.
Constance Mary O'Farrell, Secretary, British Laboratory Ware Association Ltd. For services to Export.
Kenneth Oldham, Headmaster, Whitehough Camp School, Barley, Burnley.
Frank Edward Oldroyd, Operations Manager (Water Supply), Eastern Division, North West Water Authority.
Lucinda Jane Prior-Palmer. For services to Horse Riding.
Aubrey Hugh Parnell, Administrator, Clandon Park, Guildford, National Trust.
Alfred James Francis Passmore, President, Exeter Branch, Royal Air Forces Association.
James Paterson, Sales Director, David Carlaw (Engineers) Ltd., Glasgow. For services to Export.
John Hadyn Paterson, Chairman, Cardiff Central Youth Club.
Gordon Hinde Pattinson, Higher Scientific Officer, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries & Food.
John Frederick Payne, lately Head Office Keeper, House of Commons.
Hilary Jean Peacock. For services to canoeing.
John William Peck, Deputy Area Careers Officer, Cambridgeshire County Council.
Gladys Marion Pellow. For services to the young and the mentally handicapped in Cornwall.
Ronald Leslie Pennells. For services to the Royal British Legion.
Martin Stanford Peters. For services to Association Football.
Mary Gwenllian Phillips, Secretary, Gwent Branch Historical Association.
Richard Thompson Pickersgill. For services to the community in Stockton-on-Tees.
Elisabeth Constance Pike, lately Editor, Aeronautical Quarterly, Royal Aeronautical Society.
John William Pleasants, Divisional Officer Grade II, Cambridgeshire Fire Brigade.
Dorothy Margaret Poltock, Area Secretary, North West, King George's Fund for Sailors.
Lilla Adalaide Selina Pomeroy. For services to the community in Wisbech, Cambridgeshire.
Dorothy Mabel Powell, London Region Clothing Organiser, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Percy George Brierley Powell, Member, Hereford City Council; Member, Hereford and Worcester County Council.
Hugh Ebenezer Prance, Professional and Technology Officer II, Ministry of Defence.
Dorothy Frances Pratt. For services to the community in Droylsden, Manchester.
Robert Hugh Pritchard, Chairman, Gwynedd Savings Committee.
Robert William Purves, Unit Organiser, Glasgow Family Service Unit.
Denis Sherwood Ramsey, General Secretary, Institution of Fire Engineers.
Margaret Lydia Rankin, Secretary, Vic-Wells Association.
Wilfred Rawcliffe, Chairman, Central Lancashire District Manpower Committee.
Margaret Isabella Rawlings, lately Vice-Principal, Paddington College.
Alys Isabel Wingfield, Lady Reece. For services to Mentally Handicapped Young People.
Mair Evelyn Reed, Probation Officer, Norfolk Probation and After-Care Service.
Frederick Clifford Reeves, Contracts Manager, The British Bata Shoe Co. Ltd.
Norah Alice Renouard, lately Ward Sister, Cherry Lodge, St. Saviour's Hospital, Jersey, Channel Islands.
Violet Betty Susan Reynolds, Executive Officer, Export Credits Guarantee Department.
Ena Mary Richardson, Principal Lecturer in Art Education, Preston Polytechnic.
William Frederick Rishton, General Manager, Trustee Savings Bank of Lancashire and Cumbria.
Eveline Hilda Roberts, Chairman, Management Committee, Citizens' Advice Bureau, Matlock.
Gordon Roberts, Convenor, Amalgamated Union of Engineering Workers, Hotpoint Ltd., Llandudno.
Alice Whitehead Robertson, Head Teacher, Foulden Primary School, Berwickshire, and for services to National Savings in Scotland.
Lilian May Robertson, lately Secretary, Axminster Division, Soldiers', Sailors' and Airmen's Families Association.
John Macdonald Ross, General Medical Practitioner, Currie, Midlothian.
Edward Rowney, Professional and Technical Officer Grade II, Department of Finance, Northern Ireland.
William John Rundle. For services to the West Somerset Free Press.
John Mervyn Sanders. For services to the promotion of adult education in Lichfield.
Frank Edmund Sawyer, Fishery Manager, Services Fly Fishing Association.
Sidney Eric Scarley, Terminal Manager, Southampton, Freightliner Terminal.
Donald Milligan Scott, lately Member, Parole Board for Scotland.
John Richard Scott, Technical Editor, British Library Journals, Rubber & Plastics Research Association.
Robert Scott, Chief Mining Engineer, North Nottinghamshire Area, National Coal Board.
Patricia Victoria Seed. For charitable services for the Christie Hospital & Holt Radium Institute, Manchester.
Phyllis Marion Seymour, Senior Cardiographer, Royal Free Hospital.
Marjorie Lily Shaw, Assistant Catering Adviser, Essex County Council.
Joseph Leslie Shepherdson. For services to the Solihull Society for Mentally Handicapped Children.
Daisy Anne Sheppard, Senior Personal Secretary, Northern Ireland Office.
Dennis Smales, Senior Executive Officer, Department of Health and Social Security.
Alman Buntin Smith, lately Member, Wales and South West Conciliation Committee, Race Relations Board.
Colin Smith. For service to the National Association of Boys' Clubs in Yorkshire.
Evelyn Louise Smith, Secretary, Devon County Community Savings Committee.
John Mathers Drummond-Smith, Member, Angus District Council.
Raymond Stallibrass, Assistant Secretary, Central Board of Finance of the Church of England.
Leslie Frederick Haig Stanford, Area Manager, South Anglia Area, Eastern Region, British Gas Corporation.
Phyllis Mary Stanley, Divisional Nursing Officer, Kingston and Richmond Area Health Authority.
William Gordon Stenhouse, Senior Executive Officer, Department of Health & Social Security.
Frank Thomas Stephenson, Commercial Manager, British Ropes Ltd., Wakefield.
Joan Valentine Stiebel, Company Secretary, Central British Fund for Jewish Relief and Rehabilitation.
Alec Joseph Stroud, Chief Environmental Health Officer, Wellingborough Borough Council.
William Arthur Stroud, lately Higher Executive Officer, Ministry of Defence.
George Ernest Tapp, Deputy Chairman, South Eastern Electricity Consultative Council.
George Burleigh Taylor, Senior Scientific Officer, Department of Transport.
Glenys Mary Taylor, lately Senior Adviser for Infant Education, Clwyd.
The Reverend Prebendary William Thomas Taylor, Chairman, Yeovil District Council.
Ruth Thomas, Headmistress, Widden Infants School, Gloucester.
William Lewis Thomson, Higher Scientific Officer, Ministry of Defence.
William John Thornley, Head Teacher, St. Cleopas Primary School, Liverpool.
John Frederick Tilly, Technical Manager, Submarine Systems Division, Standard Telephones and Cables Ltd.
Gladys Evelyn Todd, Senior Scientific Officer, British Antarctic Survey, Natural Environment Research Council.
Phyllis Todd. For services to Old People's Welfare in Clitheroe.
Bridget Trodden, Nursing Sister, St. Joseph's Nursing Home, Liverpool.
Norman John Trollope, Footballer, Swindon Town Football Club.
James Turrington, lately Professional and Technology Officer Grade II, Ministry of Defence.
Rowland Waite, Mayor's Secretary, City of Salford.
Edward Arthur Walker, lately Chief Superintendent, Leicestershire Constabulary.
John Gilbert Black Walker, Personnel Counsellor, IBM United Kingdom Ltd., Greenock.
Sydney Waller, lately Clerk, Little Missenden Parish Council.
Hilda Violet Walsh, Assistant Director, The Chest, Heart and Stroke Association.
John Waterson, lately Assistant Firemaster, Strathclyde Fire Brigade.
James Fyfe Crockett Waterston, General Medical Practitioner, Lochwinnoch, Renfrewshire.
Joyce Mollie Watson, Personal Secretary, Birmingham Chamber of Industry and Commerce. For services to Export.
Margaret Eve Watson, Member, London Borough of Islington.
Arthur George Wayt, Managing Director, National Counties Building Society.
Percy Francis Weal, Senior Executive Officer, Department of Health & Social Security.
David Morgan Webster, Secretary, Scottish National Fat Stock Club.
Betty Barnes Westgate, Secretary, The Mastectomy Association of Great Britain.
Sidney Duncan Westrope, Higher Executive Officer, Department of Employment.
Margaret Jaffrey Wheatley, Senior Executive Officer, Department of Employment.
John Wheeler. For services to the blind in Colchester.
Thomas Norman Oldham White, DFC, Divisional Managing Director, Brockhouse Ltd.
Harold Stanley Whiting, Registry Clerk, Gatwick Airport, British Airports Authority.
Eric Whittaker, Assistant Works Manager, 748 & 801, Manchester, British Aerospace (Hawker Siddeley Aviation).
Cyril Whur, Employee Director, Scunthorpe Division, British Steel Corporation.
Henry Williams, Chairman, Clwyd South Community Health Council.
Thomas Merville Williams, Executive Officer, HM Stationery Office.
Kenneth John Winfield, Senior Executive Officer, Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Violet Alice Winter, County Staff Officer (Cadets), Kent, St. John Ambulance Brigade.
Richard Woffenden, Local Officer I, Department of Health & Social Security.
Eric Joseph Woodward, Senior Adviser, School Museum and Resource Service, West Yorkshire.
Desmond Thomas George Woon, Chief Engineer (Passenger Vessels), Shipping & International Services Division, British Railways Board.
Keith Worthington, Chairman, Bridgnorth District Council.
Peter Worthington, General Secretary, National Federation of Fish Friers.Diplomatic Service and Overseas ListPhyllis Daisy Aldridge. For nursing and welfare services to the community in the Bahamas.
Charles Henry Allen. For services to sport in Montserrat.
Thomas Charles Barrett-Archdeacon, MC, For services to the British community in California.
Ronald George Bartley, First Secretary (Commercial) British High Commission, Lusaka.
Henry Clarence Bennett, Extension Officer, Department of Agriculture, Belize.
Faustina Beeson. For welfare services to the community in Bangladesh.
John William Pearson Bradley, lately Head of Registry, United Kingdom Delegation to NATO, Brussels.
Olegaria Bradley. For welfare services to the community in Belize.
Wilfred Brown, Honorary British Consul, Nouakchott, Mauritania.
Arthur Stanley Bryant. For services to education and the teaching of English in Argentina.
Gwindon Marian Buszewicz. For services to forestry development in Honduras.
Sheik Sulieman Seymour Bux, Superintendent, Health Inspectorate, Urban Services Department, Hong Kong.
Gwendoline Clarissa Campbell, Accountant, British High Commission, Ottawa.
Alolae Cati, Senior Surgeon, Medical Department, Gilbert Islands.
Pak-keung Chan. For welfare services to the community in Hong Kong.
Henry Thomas Chichon, lately Administrative Officer, Electricity Department, Gibraltar.
Margaret Joyce Cooper, Personal Assistant to the United Kingdom Permanent Representative United Nations, New York.
The Reverend Michael John Cooper, SJ. For services to education and the British community in Japan.
Montague Bertram Cox. For services to the British community in Le Havre.
Jonathan Danvers Grossman. For services to British commercial interests in Laos.
Elizabeth Kemp Edwards. For services to education and the community in Freetown.
Ernest John Evans, Vice-Consul, British Vice-Consulate, Calais.
John Eardley Faragher, Pro-Consul, HM Embassy, Rabat.
Susan Frank, lately Personal Assistant to HM Ambassador, Baghdad.
Alexander Adams Galloway, Senior Superintendent, Public Works Department, Gambia.
William Henry Goss, JP. For public services in the Falkland Islands.
Alan Greenwood, Information Officer, British High Commission, Nassau.
Joseph Nathaniel Gumbs. For services to the community in Anguilla.
Geoffrey Hamilton. For services to British commercial interests in Japan.
Pauline Dorothy Harrison, Personal Secretary, HM Embassy, Paris.
Phyllis Muriel Harwood, Secretarial Assistant, British Consulate-General, Johannesburg.
John Dyson Hirst, QPM, CPM, Chief Superintendent of Police, Hong Kong.
Sidney-Herbert Holland. For services to British commercial interests and the British community in Bilbao.
Charles Wilmoth Huggins. For public services in St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla.
Teresa Olga Hunt, Archivist, HM Embassy, Warsaw.
Joyce Sybil Hylton, Senior Probation and Welfare Officer, Cayman Islands.
Peter Robin Jenkins, Warden, Meru National Park, Kenya.
The Very Reverend Fraser Kapu. For public and community services in the Solomon Islands.
Jeziel Korinihona. For public services in the Solomon Islands.
Ka-ming Kwok. For services to sport in Hong Kong.
Leone Laku. For public services in the Solomon Islands.
Clarence Henry George Le Cocq, Accountant, British Council, Paris.
William Davidson Leighton, Assistant Director, Marine Department, Hong Kong.
Marion Lethbridge. For medical and welfare services to the community in the Ivory Coast.
Victor Arthur Lister, lately First Secretary, Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Joyce Gertrude Lovell. For medical and welfare services to the community in Malaysia.
Sister Mary Oliva Lynch. For educational and welfare services to the community in the Gilbert Islands.
Walter McGee McFarlane, lately Personal Assistant, Posts and Telegraphs Department, Kenya.
Alan Gordon Mackie, Attaché, HM Embassy, Warsaw.
John Cunningham McRobert, Vice-Consul (Commercial), British Consulate-General, Hamburg.
Albert George Malcolm, District Commissioner, South Caicos, Turks and Caicos Islands.
William Thomas Merrills, Vice-Consul (Commercial), British Consulate-General, Naples.
Stephen Christopher O'Connor, Superintendent of Police, Swaziland.
Russell Levi Pearman. For services to the community in Bermuda.
Joseph Otilio Peliza, lately Water Inspector, Public Works Department, Gibraltar.
Joan Plato. For welfare services to the British community in Berlin.
James Anton Pompey, Secretary to the Cabinet, St. Vincent.
Anthony John Reading. For services to the British community in Brussels.
Ian William Ryman Richards. For services to British commercial interests in Canada.
Leslie Rubinstein, Commercial Officer, HM Embassy, Copenhagen.
The Reverend Albert Louis Sacco. For services to the community in the New Hebrides Condominium.
Nerina Susan Margaret Seabrook, lately Personal Assistant to HM Consul-General, San Francisco.
Eileen Winifred Selby. For services to the British community in Los Angeles.
Alesana Seluka, Secretary for Social Services, Tuvalu.
Herbert Simms, Building Superintendent, Ministry of Works & Supplies, Malawi.
The Reverend Alfred Victor Smith. For welfare services to the community in Malawi.
Koloa Talake, Financial Secretary, Tuvalu.
Geoffrey Tankard. For services to the community in Bermuda.
Ian King Taylor. For services to the British community in the Bahamas.
The Reverend Tarieta Teteki. For services to the community in the Gilbert Islands.
Robert Richard Thomas, Acting Chief Medical Officer, British Virgin Islands.
Percy Andrew Turnbull, Commercial Officer, British Consulate-General, Sydney.
Muriel Bamford Turner, lately Personal Assistant, HM Embassy, Washington.
Glenys Warren, Senior Secretary, British Residency, New Hebrides Condominium.
Samuel Elsworth Wilson. For services to the community in Bermuda.
Michael Hing-shuen Wong, Deputy Director of Administration, Civil Aid Services, Hong Kong.
Roger Walter Woodham, lately English Language Officer, British Council, Vienna.
Tat-cho Yuen. For public services in Hong Kong.
Patricia Lloyd Zeppel, Assistant Representative, British Council, Australia.Australian StatesState of New South WalesAlexander Charles Anderson, ED. For services to local government.
Frederick Walter Braid. For services to the community.
Colin Court Chapman. For services to music and the community.
Philip Charles Leslie Engisch. For services to the media.
Keith Dan Glover. For services to youth.
Thomas Arthur Clark Griffith. For services to the community.
Percy James Hall. For services to sport.
Carl Heinrich Theodor Harbaum. For services to the community.
Yick Chong Louie. For services to the community.
Moira Joan McGuinness. For services to sport.
The Very Reverend Father Nicholas Mansour. For services to the community.
The Reverend Father Bruno Arnaldo Morotti. For services to the community.
John Frederick Murphy. For services to the community.
Dorothy Jean Nixon. For services to nursing.
Ruth Winifred Ross. For services to the community.
Councillor Geoffrey Albert Smith. For services to local government.
Patricia Annie Tarlinton. For services to nursing.
David Frederick Thompson, EM. For services to civil defence.
Siu Wah Wong. For services to the community.
Roger Alastair Woods. For services to sport.State of VictoriaJames Wilfred Gearing, of Surrey Hills. For services to youth.
Reginald Guyett, of Ocean Grove. For municipal service.
Councillor Jack Haycraft, of Marysville. For municipal service.
Thomas Howard Jackett, of Kew. For services to the community.
Henry George Judkins, of Blackburn. For services to medicine.
Francis Keenan, of Parkville. For services to the community through parks and recreation areas.
Betty Constance Lawson, of Carlton North. For services to nursing.
Mervine James Meek, of Nhill. For municipal service.
Frederick Wilson Newman, of Bayswater. For municipal service.
Dorothy Parker, of Flinders. For services to journalism.
Councillor George Rickard, of Birchip. For municipal service.
Councillor William Herbert Schier, of Nathalia. For municipal service.
William Tyndale Smith, of North Balwyn. For services to dentistry.
Jean Strachan, of Glenroy. For services to returned servicemen.
David Edward Trickett, of Terang. For services to the community.
John Dire Wallace, of Rockbank. For municipal service.
Jessie Ellen White, of Mount Eliza. For services to the community.State of QueenslandJosephine Bosly, of Roma. For services to the community and the arts.
Joseph Stanley Box, of Coorparoo. For services to the building industry.
Hilda Millicent Burton, of Goomeri. For humanitarian and community services.
John Daniel Cronin, of Southport. For his contribution to the development of the Gold Coast area.
Ailsa Ruby Dawson, of Gympie. For humanitarian and community services.
Charles Hall, of Clayfield. For services to education, particularly to music teaching.
William Murray Hilton, of Chinchilla. For services to medicine and the community.
Herbert Spencer Langton, of Yuleba. For services to local authority.
Sidney Francis Loder, of Mitchelton. For services to youth and the community.
Herbert Edgar Mitchell, of Moorooka. For services to education and the community.
Henry Amos Moore, of Kenmore. For services to journalism and the sugar industry.
Councillor Albert Clive Rolfe, of Springsure. For services to local authority and the community.State of Western AustraliaIan James Brayshaw, of Trigg. For services to cricket.
Helen Jean Duncan, of South Perth. For services to the community.
William John Hughes, of South Perth. For services to commerce and the community.
Daniel Samuel Hunt, of Applecross. For his contribution to economic development.
Captain Douglas William Nielsen. For his contribution to the development of the Dampier and Karratha communities.
Leslie Steve Walter, of Shelley. For services to the mentally handicapped.
Home Civil ServiceWalter Gerard Asquith, Principal, Department of Health and Social Security.
George Edward Bryant, lately Senior Principal, Ministry of Defence.
Peter James Robert Bryant, lately Principal Scientific Officer, Ministry of Defence.
Ambrose Alfred Cornell, Superintending Mechanical and Electrical Engineer, Department of the Environment.
John Norman Eraser, lately Principal, Department of Employment.
Maurice Hewett, Principal, Department of Energy.
Patrick William Jenden, Principal, Department of Health & Social Security.
Eveline Maud Kent, Inspector of Schools, Department of Education, Northern Ireland.
Michael Arthur Lawson, Principal Professional and Technology Officer, Ministry of Defence.
James Wright Logan, Senior Principal, Department of the Environment, Northern Ireland.
James Lorimer, Principal, Civil Service Department.
Alexander McDougall, Sheriff Clerk, Paisley.
Francis Joseph McGowan, Senior Inspector of Taxes, Board of Inland Revenue.
James Macleod, Principal, Board of Inland Revenue.
Charles Bertram Minifie, Senior Inspector of Taxes, Board of Inland Revenue.
Kenneth Oliver Peachey, Principal, Department of Industry.
Walter Finlay Ross, Principal Professional and Technology Officer, Ministry of Defence.
James Lennox Shaw, Divisional Veterinary Officer, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries & Food.
Dorothy Florence Stuart, Principal, Department of Trade.
Francis Joseph Ward, Principal, Department of the Environment.
Jack Gordon Webley, MC, Area Manager, Department of Employment.
Ernest Charles White, Senior Principal, Ministry of Defence.Diplomatic Service and Overseas ListJohn Alfred Fortune, ED, Director of Operations, Civil Aid Services, Hong Kong.
Albert Joseph Gareze, lately Accountant General, Gibraltar.
Titi Beniata Rimon, Principal, Tarawa Teachers College, Gilbert Islands.
James Roberts Whitaker, Director of Engineering Development, New Territories Department, Hong Kong.Australian StatesState of New South WalesFrank Edmund Pogson, Under-Secretary and Permanent Head of Local Government Department.State of VictoriaFrancis Robert Moulds, of Kooyong. Lately Chairman of the Forests Commission of Victoria.State of QueenslandNeville James Cook, Valuer-General.State of Western AustraliaJohn Bertram Roberts, MBE, Clerk of the Legislative Council and Clerk of the Parliaments.
Military DivisionRoyal NavyOrdnance Electrical Artificer (O)1 John Bates, M943983M.
Chief Ordnance Electrical Artificer Douglas Michael Beck, M857494F.
Colour Sergeant Robert Arthur Beers, P016374U, Royal Marines.
Chief Marine Engineering Artificer (H) Ronald Sidney Brown, M863S88P.
Chief Radio Supervisor Arthur William Chaplin, QD981953X, Royal Naval Reserve.
Chief Radio Supervisor Andrew Ling Chapman, D1281S1G.
Marine Vincent Clay, P01705GJ, Royal Marines.
Chief Petty Officer Cook Roy Curtis, M916833D.
Chief Petty Officer Caterer Leslie Albert Dowse, M947671K.
Chief Petty Officer Alexander John Forson, FD981352V, Royal Naval Reserve.
Chief Petty Officer Coxswain Roger Fuller, J930646N.
Radio Electrical Artificer (A)1 Derek Frederick Godwin, F984630N.
Chief Petty Officer Steward Victor John Grace, L900828G.
Ordnance Electrical Mechanician 1 Cedric George Greaves, M893518X.
Chief Radio Supervisor Ronald Christopher Hill, J778009C.
Acting Chief Petty Officer Medical Assistant Brian Louis Killick, M968937L.
Chief Radio Supervisor Stephen Knight, J925504U.
Acting Radio Electrical Mechanician 1 Alan Austee Knott, D074116W.
Chief Petty Officer Stores Accountant David Reekie McKerrachar, M978271S.
Chief Marine Engineering Mechanician (P) Anthony John Heath Ray, D980671K.
Chief Petty Officer (OPS) Martin Leocadia Redmond, J934379M.
Petty Officer Physical Trainer Michael John Paul Shone, D078136K.
Chief Petty Officer Medical Assistant John Colin Summers, M968159Y.
Colour Sergeant Peter Mothram Walton, P007494W, Royal Marines.
Marine Engineering Artificer (H)1 Cecil Albert Wells, M758899J.
Sergeant John Harold Charles Williams, P015658L, Royal Marines.
Chief Petty Officer Writer Leonard Malcolm Williams, VD984514E, Royal Naval Reserve.
Chief Marine Engineering Artificer (P)CA George Neville Willmer, M070189U.Army23941438 Staff Sergeant Kevin James Avery, Royal Corps of Transport.
24092690 Sergeant Roy Bernard Bartram, Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
24213863 Lance Corporal Malcolm John Berridge, Royal Pioneer Corps.
23482113 Staff Sergeant Desmond Paul Bolger, The Royal Irish Rangers (27th (Inniskilling) 83rd & 87th).
23242962 Staff Sergeant Keith Clement Patrick Bottomley, The Green Howards (Alexandra, Princess of Wales's Own Yorkshire Regiment).
22527359 Staff Corporal Frank Bradwell, The Life Guards.
24087047 Sergeant Graham Chaplin, Royal Corps of Signals.
24062650 Sergeant Roy Anthony Coe, Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
23687883 Corporal (Acting Sergeant) David William Crocombe, Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
23874423 Sergeant Winston Alan Davey, Royal Corps of Transport.
23877394 Corporal (Acting Staff Sergeant) Barry Davies, Welsh Guards.
22831558 Corporal (Lance Sergeant) David Malcolm Davies, Welsh Guards (now Discharged).
22121218 Sergeant Jack William Lee Donaldson, Special Air Service Regiment, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
23688150 Sergeant (Acting Staff Sergeant) Terence Dove, Grenadier Guards.
24177995 Corporal Thomas Reginald Forrester, The Staffordshire Regiment (The Prince of Wales's).
24052616 Corporal (Acting Sergeant) David Robert Gill, Royal Corps of Transport.
23847568 Staff Sergeant Trevor Harvey, The Parachute Regiment.
22207021 Bombardier William Hemphill, Royal Regiment of Artillery, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
22848549 Sergeant Leslie Colin John Hill, Army Catering Corps.
23997561 Sergeant Raymond John Housley, Royal Army Medical Corps.
22794307 Staff Sergeant (Local Warrant Officer Class 2) William Lawrence Hutton, 5th Royal Inniskilling Dragoon Guards.
23855279 Sergeant Joseph Andrew Jenkins, The Royal Irish Rangers (27th (Inniskilling) 83rd & 87th).
21151721 Staff Sergeant Karnabhadur Roka, 2nd King Edward VII's Own Gurkha Rifles (The Sirmoor Rifles).
23958154 Sergeant Melvin Kingston, Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
24008647 Staff Sergeant (Acting Warrant Officer Class 2) Terence Michael Paul Larvin, The Staffordshire Regiment (The Prince of Wales's).
23575589 Sergeant (Acting Staff Sergeant) Allan George Latto, Royal Army Medical Corps.
23479591 Staff Sergeant Walter George Brian Lee, Corps of Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers.
23207604 Corporal William John Lovell, Royal Army Dental Corps.
23495072 Staff Sergeant William Lyons, Irish Guards (now Discharged).
23683509 Sergeant (Acting Staff Sergeant) Neil Ian MacAulay, Queen's Own Highlanders (Seaforth and Camerons).
24021289 Corporal (Lance Sergeant) Stanley Matthew, Scots Guards.
24245694 Corporal Ian Roy Roger Moore, The Queen's Regiment.
23784487 Staff Sergeant (Acting Warrant Officer Class 2) James Frederick Morrow, Royal Corps of Signals.
23674745 Staff Sergeant Alan Graham Notley, The Royal Green Jackets.
22530893 Staff Sergeant Reginald John Osborn, The Parachute Regiment, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
22793922 Staff Sergeant Derek Radcliffe Round, Royal Army Ordnance Corps (now Discharged).
21152199 Staff Sergeant Sarbadhoj Rai, 7th Duke of Edinburgh's Own Gurkha Rifles.
23659481 Sergeant John Anthony Smith, Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
23952432 Staff Sergeant Thomas Peter Spiers, Royal Army Medical Corps, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
23890931 Staff Sergeant Dennis Randolph Sweeney, Corps of Royal Engineers.
22257222 Sergeant Leonard Francis Theedam, Royal Army Pay Corps, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
23690902 Staff Sergeant John McGregor Neil Walker, Royal Corps of Transport, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
24052645 Sergeant Alan Wareham, Royal Corps of Transport.
23677353 Staff Sergeant John Edward Waiterson, Royal Army Ordnance Corps.
23499894 Corporal (Local Sergeant) Michael James Watts, Royal Corps of Transport.Royal Air ForceActing Warrant Officer Douglas William Lightfoot (W5015028).
U4264235 Flight Sergeant Brian Atkiss.
D0593380 Flight Sergeant (now Warrant Officer) Dennis Wright Brown.
W4102302 Flight Sergeant John Anthony Buckle, RAF Regiment.
Q5044043 Flight Sergeant Elwyn Graham Cole.
N0585661 Flight Sergeant James Walker Gordon.
Y1940533 Flight Sergeant Barry John Message.
N4031562 Flight Sergeant Francis Plaits.
C0588983 Flight Sergeant Edward William Smith.
L3527197 Flight Sergeant Donald William Stretton, RAF Regiment.
N0584299 Acting Flight Sergeant Richard Manning.
E0685723 Chief Technician Gerrad George Barson.
X4264157 Chief Technician Alvar Bramham.
B3510091 Chief Technician Brian Codd.
S0715186 Chief Technician John Desmond Crawford.
B0682776 Chief Technician Gerald Edgar Fosh.
Q42S5S70 Chief Technician Peter Charles Harris.
C068S704 Chief Technician Ian James McKay.
J058S498 Chief Technician Norman William Roseby.
E1942154 Chief Technician George Arthur Young.
F0594139 Sergeant Geoffrey Ralph Bunce.
F4250930 Sergeant David Buxton.
B4268405 Sergeant Bryan Hogg.
W4235895 Sergeant Michael Christopher Hurry.
P42S0972 Sergeant James Marshall.
B0594250 Sergeant Anthony David Melville.
K3528936 Sergeant Victor Hughes Robinson.
T1940629 Sergeant Robert Edward Rose.
G4240067 Acting Sergeant George Lowes.Civil Division
United KingdomHarry Abraham, Toolroom Machinist, Military Aircraft Division, British Aerospace, Warton.
John William Allen, Driver/Operator, Hanwell Garage, London Transport Executive.
Ellen Archer, National Savings Group Collector, Huddersfield.
William John Arthurs, Boilerman, Tyrone & Fermanagh Hospital, Omagh, County Tyrone.
Harry Ashworth, Post Room Worker, John Bright & Brothers, Rochdale.
Arnold Frank Bailey, Professional and Technology Officer IV, Royal Naval Aircraft Yard Fleetlands, Ministry of Defence.
David Bailey, Superintendent Caretaker, Dinnington Comprehensive School, Sheffield.
Alexander Baird, Twist Spinner, Sidlaw Industries Ltd., Dundee.
Derrick James Barnett, Senior Service Engineer, Westland Aircraft Ltd., Yeovil, Somerset.
John Louis Bassett, Post Instructor, No. 14 Group (Winchester), Royal Observer Corps.
Rose Beddow. For services to No. 499 (Port Talbot) Squadron, Air Training Corps.
Alan Richard Cornell Beech, Macebearer, Charnwood Borough Council, Leicestershire.
Harry Bennett, Constable, West Midlands Police.
John James Bennetts, Senior Service Representative, Helicopter Engine Group, Rolls Royce Ltd., Hemel Hempstead.
Glenys Birt, Press Operator, Carshalton Central Laundry, South-West Thames Regional Health Authority.
Ernest William Blewitt, Branch Secretary, Barking Branch, Furniture, Timber and Allied Trades Union.
George Vincent Bowden, Mechanical Fitter, Hadley Castle Works, GKN Sankey Ltd.
Frank Joseph Brown, Main Laying Superintendent, East Anglian Water.
John Burgess, Salmon Fisherman, Crown Estate Commissioners.
John Martin Camm, Supervisor, Aero Engine Bearing Grinding, Ransome Hoffman Pollard, Stonehouse.
Frederick William Case, Registered Dock Worker, India and Millwall Docks, Port of London Authority.
Harold Cates, Cleaner, Sussex Police.
Olive Champlin, Cook, Judges Lodgings, Carr Manor, Leeds, Lord Chancellor's Department.
John Chesney, Sergeant, Royal Ulster Constabulary.
John Richard Cockerell, Attendant Grade 1, University of London.
Leslie Thomas Collett, Registered Dock Worker, Port of Bristol Authority.
Wiliam Coupland, Sub Officer, Dumfries & Galloway Fire Brigade.
Jessie Davidson Coutts, Officer in Charge, Aberdeen Children's Shelter.
Madge Cownie, Dining Room Supervisor, Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh.
Frederick William Crome, lately Driver/Operator, Hornchurch Garage, London Transport Executive.
Millicent Rose Crosdale, Corps Superintendent, Bromley, St. John Ambulance Brigade.
Ronald Victor George Cross, Maintenance Assistant (Production), Southern Region, British Gas Corporation.
Duncan Mackenzie Davidson, Mess Hand, RAEC Centre, Wilton Park, Ministry of Defence.
George Albert Davidson, lately Service Engineer, Herbert & Sons Ltd., Haverhill, West Suffolk.
John Arthur Whomsley Davies, Welder Plater, Shotton Works, Welsh Division, British Steel Corporation.
Morgan James Davies, Storekeeper/Time Keeper, Welsh Development Agency, Bridgend.
John Davine, Contract Supervisor, T. Clarke & Co., Chelmsford.
Gerald Dawson, Leading Ambulanceman, Lancashire Area Health Authority.
Albert Dobson, Truck Operator 1, Esso Petroleum Co. Ltd.
Doris Dover, Draughtswoman, Basildon Development Corporation.
Francis Thomas Dowdeswell. For service to Horse Racing.
Peter William David Drury, Senior Steward to the Lord Mayor of London.
Gavin Nisbet Dryden, lately Lorry Driver, Gupwell Transport Contractors Ltd., Birmingham.
Harriet Elizabeth Hopkins Dummer. For services to the community in Gorseinon, West Glamorgan.
Leo Dwyer, Chargehand Storekeeper, Tubes Division, Stockton Works, British Steel Corporation.
James Frederick Earls, Sergeant, Royal Ulster Constabulary.
Eileen Alexandra Rose Empson, Telephonist, Forestry Commission.
David Samuel Evans, Divisional Superintendent, Rhondda, St. John Ambulance Brigade.
Ronald Evans, Constable, South Wales Constabulary.
William Ronald Evans, Stores Officer Grade C, RAF Sealand, Ministry of Defence.
Thomas Alan Fare, Postman, Liverpool Head Post Office, North Western Postal Board, The Post Office.
Katharine Olive Farringdon, lately Telephonist, Metropolitan Police Office.
Frederick Leonard Benjamin Farrow, Sergeant, Devon and Cornwall Constabulary.
Idriswyn Ford, Constable, South Yorkshire Police.
Frank Foster, Assistant Caretaker/Driver, Fleming Fulton School, Belfast.
Frederick Charles Fowler, Caretaker, Basildon Development Corporation.
Norman Gaskell, Postal Executive 'C', Preston Head Post Office, North Western Postal Board, The Post Office.
Cyril Gibbs, Foreman, Messrs. Whittsome, Civil Engineering Contractors, Pontypridd, Glamorgan.
Albert Charles Gill, Chargehand Supervisor Portering, Heathrow Airport, British Airports Authority.
Arthur Edward Gill. For services to the British Legion in the Isle of Man.
Percy William Goodwin, Electrician, Royal Ordnance Factory, Radway Green, Ministry of Defence.
Ursula Moxhay Goulding, Meals on Wheels Organiser, Oxfordshire, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Kenneth Wilson Greenhalgh, Grade III Works Overseer, HM Stationery Office.
Sidney Gutteridge, Messenger, Board of Customs & Excise.
Charles William Guy, Photoprinter Grade I, Department of Industry.
Prokppis Hadjijoseph, Foreman at Trades Grade I, British Forces, Cyprus, Ministry of Defence.
Mabel Pauline Hall. For services to the community in Slough.
Margaret Halliday, Local Organiser, Brandon and Byshottles, County Durham, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Stanley Halsall, Constable, Cheshire Constabulary.
Reginald James Hammett, Sub-Officer, Devon Fire Brigade.
Thomas James Hands, Foreman, Engineering Department, Kettering District, East Midlands Electricity Board.
William George Hardie, Grinding Machine Operator, Dunlop Ltd., Coventry.
Reginald Robert Harmon, Storekeeper Grade 4, Ordnance Survey.
John Albert Thomas Harris, Distribution Maintenance Superintendent, East Midlands Region, British Gas Corporation.
Elizabeth Hassells. For services to the community in Market Drayton.
May Ellen Heathcote, Warden, Servite Houses Ltd., London SW.10.
Lionel Ivor Hemmaway, Constable, Metropolitan Police.
Dennis John Higgs, Leading Hand, H. J. Godwin Ltd. For services to Export.
Robert George Hillier, Hospital Metalworker, Royal Naval Hospital Haslar, Ministry of Defence.
Herbert Hold Brook, Gardener, Haslam Maternity Home, Bolton.
Ronald Walter Holford, Group Leader, Progress Department, British Aerospace, Filton.
Roy Albert Hudson, Craftsman I, Royal Signals and Radar Establishment, Christchurch, Ministry of Defence.
George Raymond Huffen, Coal Face Worker, Newstead Colliery, South Nottinghamshire Area, National Coal Board.
Doris Lily Hughes, National Savings Group Collector, Downton, Wiltshire.
John Thomas Hughes, Calf Certifying Officer, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries & Food.
John Ronald Humphrey, Warder Grade V, British Museum.
Raymond Frederick Humphreys, Chief Maintenance Mechanic, Cunard Steam Ship Co. Ltd.
Donald Jamieson Irvine, Chief Officer Class II, Scottish Prison Service Training College.
Florence Maude Jay, School Crossing Patrol, Metropolitan Police Office.
Cyril Charles Jennings, Training Supervisor, Ransomes, Sims & Jefferies Ltd., Ipswich.
Cyril John Johns, Auxiliary Coastguard in Charge, HM Coastguard, Portscatho, Cornwall.
Arnold Jones, Leading Railman (Shunter), Tonbridge, South Eastern Division, Southern Region, British Railways.
Donald Jones, Sub Officer, Clwyd Fire Brigade.
Reginald Albert Jupp, Sergeant, Kent Constabulary.
Edward Kavanagh, Instructor, No. 1329 (Stroud) Squadron, Air Training Corps.
William Alexander Keith, Warden, Southwark Diocesan Training Centre.
Dorothy Kemp. For services to the Scunthorpe War Memorial Hospital, Humberside Area Health Authority.
Alan Christopher Last, Senior Sous Chef, Catering Services Centre (South), British Airways.
Percy George Layton, Leader, Dosthill Boys' Club, Tamworth, Staffordshire.
Kenneth Owen Levers, Chargehand of Skilled Labourers, Bickleigh Barracks, Ministry of Defence.
Leslie Lewin, Sub-Officer, Northumberland Fire Brigade.
Mary Lineton, National Savings Group Collector, Telford, Shropshire.
Donald Ling, Chief Petty Officer Instructor, Lincoln Unit, Sea Cadet Corps.
Elsie May Lingard, Darby and Joan Club Leader, Stockport, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Edwin Llewellyn, Maintenance Foreman, British Aerospace.
George Percival Lloyd, Non-Tech. Grade D, Calder Hall, British Nuclear Fuels Ltd.
David William Lock, Craftsman, Admiralty Surface Weapons Establishment, Portsdown, Ministry of Defence.
John William Macdonald, Ambulance Driver, Wick Area Health Authority.
Alexander John Macfarlane, Warden, Loch Lomond National Nature Reserve, Nature Conservancy Council.
Hugh Joseph McGilligan, Senior Supervisor, Department of Agriculture, Northern Ireland.
Peter McKay, Assistant to Superintendent, Highlands Fabricators Ltd.
Beatrice McParland, Jewellery Worker, B. H. Britton & Sons Ltd., Birmingham.
John Joseph McParland, Sub-Officer, Fire Authority Northern Ireland.
Katherine Steele Macphte, Sub-Postmistress, Dunvegan, Isle of Skye, Scottish Postal Board, The Post Office.
Mary McQueen. For services to the community, particularly the Blind, in Tynemouth.
Gladys Evelyn Malcolm. For services to the community in Gobowen, Shropshire.
Douglas Charles Patrick Malt, Caretaker, Furzebrook Research Station, National Environment Research Council.
Jack Martin, Senior Draughtsman, Cabinet Office.
Douglas John Mason, Foreign & Commonwealth Office.
Henry Berkley Masson, Civilian Assistant and Instructor, Kent Army Cadet Force.
Robert Alfred Matthias, Oiler, Rolling Mills Department, Brymbo Steel Works Ltd.
William Minford, Foreman, Belfast Airport.
James Joseph Mone, Experimental Worker I, Safety in Mines Research Establishment, Buxton, Department of Employment.
Frederick William Michael Money, Senior Foreman of Works, Rochester Borstal, Home Office.
Ivy Daisy Monk. For services to the community, particularly the elderly in Fishponds, Bristol.
John Montgomery, Piermaster, Caledonian MacBrayne Ltd., Tarbert, Harris.
William Henry Moore, Assistant, Pattern Shop, Brickhouse Dudley Ltd., West Dudley.
Georgina Morgan, Fitter, Central Ordnance Depot, Donnington, Ministry of Defence.
Selwyn Morris, Senior Operator, Melting Shop, Cardiff, British Steel Corporation.
Jenny Morrison, Sub-Postmistress, Haigh, North Eastern Postal Board, The Post Office.
Vincent Mulgrew, Checker, Opencast Executive, Maryport, National Coal Board.
Frank Mullett, Deseamer, Rotherham Works, Sheffield Division, British Steel Corporation.
Elizabeth Viners Sophia Napier, Member, Edinburgh, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Albert Edward Neal, Foreman Fitter (MT), Property Services Agency, Department of the Environment.
Elizabeth Louisa Newell, Organiser, Clothing Store, Kew, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
William Campbell Norris, Coastguard Officer 1, HM Coastguard, Yealm, Department of Trade.
Edna Oldham. For services to the Nottinghamshire Branch of the National Children's Homes.
Anne Lilian O'Reilly, Silver Polisher, Garrard & Sons Ltd., London.
Nicholas Ernest Ozanne, Permanent Staff Instructor, Elizabeth College, Guernsey, Combined Cadet Force.
Daisy Park, Officer in Charge, Coble Haugh Children's Home, Inverurie.
Ronald Henry Parker, Foreign & Commonwealth Office.
Roy Samuel James Parrott, Sub-Officer, Humberside Fire Brigade.
Henry Charles Parsons, Divisional Superintendent, District Pool (London), St. John Ambulance Brigade.
Helen Maud Partridge, Photoprinter Grade I, Property Services Agency, Department of the Environment.
Elsie Florence Pedder, National Savings Group Collector, Margate.
James Perkins, Constable, Metropolitan Police.
Roy Phillips, Boatswain, Royal Maritime Auxiliary Service, Portland, Ministry of Defence.
May Spence Pidgon, Health and Hospital Welfare Organiser, Richmond, Yorkshire, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Robert Norman Pitman, Supervisory Civilian Instructional Officer Grade I, RAF Cosford, Wolverhampton, Ministry of Defence.
Brenda Pittaway, Telephonist, Board of Customs & Excise.
Alice Plant, Senior Messenger, Ministry of Defence.
Richard John Porteus, General Porter, Northern Ireland Railways Ltd.
Joan Pringle, District Clothing and Emergency Services Organiser, Alnwick and Berwick Districts, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Kate Quinn, Canteen Worker, Belfast (TS Formidable Unit), Sea Cadet Corps.
Stanley Edward Raynor, Head Porter, Students Union, University of Sheffield.
Emerson Hubert Thomas Rew, Sergeant, Metropolitan Police.
Elizabeth Mary Richards, National Savings Group Collector, Heath, Cardiff.
Stanley Richards, Superintendent, Miskin Sewage Treatment Works, Welsh National Water Development Authority.
Stanley Edward Richards, Battery Technician, J. W. Russell Ltd., Watford.
Matthew John Richmond, Boatswain, Northern Lighthouse Board.
Richard Mons Namur Ringrose, Foreman, Highways and Transportation Department, Northants County Council.
David Robertson, Senior Mill Shift Foreman, Glengarnock Works, Scottish Division, British Steel Corporation.
Amy Robinson, Nurse, Westclox (UK) Ltd., Strathleven, Dumbarton.
Robert Jesse Rogers. For services to the Scout Association in Hertfordshire.
Maurice Rowson. For services to the community in Gosfield, Essex.
Arthur Willoughby Rumbold, Craftsman (Armourer), Royal Military College of Science, Shrivenham, Ministry of Defence.
William Thomas Rutland, Senior Paperkeeper, Board of Inland Revenue.
Herbert Saunders, Instructor, Queen Elizabeth Training College for the Disabled, Leatherhead, Department of Employment.
Alexander Scott, lately Pests Operator, Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries & Food.
John Scott, Sergeant, Royal Ulster Constabulary.
Phyllis Mary Sequeira, lately Supervisor of Telephonists, RNAS Yeovilton, Ministry of Defence.
Margaret Anderson Shand. For services to the community in Douglas, Lanark.
Frank Thomas Sharp, Gas Fitter, South Eastern Region, British Gas Corporation.
John Shaw, lately Senior Messenger, Scottish Land Court.
Hubert George Sheppard, lately Foreman Grade II, Highways and Transportation Department, Wiltshire County Council.
Ada Annie Simmons, Forewoman Cleaner, Metropolitan Police Office.
Derrek Simons, Chief Laboratory Steward, Chemistry Department, Wye College, Ashford, Kent.
Hugh Alexander John Sinclair. For services to the community in Inverness.
Fred Smith, Training Officer, Manvers Colliery, South Yorkshire Area, National Coal Board.
George Arthur Smith, Cartographic Surveyor Higher Grade, Ordnance Survey.
Kathleen Smith, Assistant Manager, Hospitality, British Broadcasting Corporation.
Grenville Gordon Southam, Handyman, Home Office.
James George Sparks, Paperkeeper, Department of Industry.
John James Speed, lately District Superintendent, Wissey Internal Drainage Board, Norfolk.
Geoffrey William Spiller, Instrument Fitter, Electrical and Musical Industries Electronics, Hayes, Middlesex.
Charlotte Booth Stephen, Deputy Organiser, London Borough of Hammersmith, Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Harry Drawer Steven, Technical Officer, Maintenance Division, Edinburgh Telephone Area, Scottish Telecommunications Board, The Post Office.
George Edward Stewart, Tug Crew Member, Ocean Transport & Trading Ltd., Cardiff.
Harold Ernest Swannell, Professional and Technology Officer Grade III, Royal Small Arms Factory, Enfield, Ministry of Defence.
Florence Sye, Chargehand, Brands & Normans, Belfast.
George Tait, Supervisor, Ross and Cromarty Division, Department of Roads & Transport, Highland Regional Council.
John Graham Talboys, Professional and Technology Officer Class II, Engineering Design Division, Culham Laboratory, United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.
Edward William Taylor, Museum Technician Grade II, Department of the Environment.
Margaret Taylor, School Crossing Patrol, Aberdeen District Council.
Milton Taylor, Foreman, R. & D. Laboratory, Nuclear Power Co. Ltd.
Stanley Charles Taylor, Foreman, Birmingham Transmission District, Midlands Region, Central Electricity Generating Board.
Stanley Telford, lately Caretaker, Old Dalby Primary School, Leicestershire.
Florence Lucy Thompson. For services to the community in Bromham, Bedford.
Reginald Isaac Thompson, Ceramic Modeller, Shaw & Copestake Ltd., Stoke-on-Trent.
Thomas Edwin Thompson, Telephone Operator, Cumbria County Council.
Cyril Frederick Toop. For services to the community, particularly the British Red Cross Society in Somerset.
Herbert Edward Charles Tuck, Salvage Worker, Bilsthorpe Colliery, North Nottinghamshire Area, National Coal Board.
Ruth Tutt, Deputy Local Organiser, Ware, East Hertfordshire Women's Royal Voluntary Service.
Victor George Vincent, Head Gardener, Chartwell, Westerham, Kent, The National Trust.
Alwyn Ernest Walker, Foreign & Commonwealth Office.
John Vincent Wallace, Fitter, C. A. Parsons and Company Ltd., Newcastle.
Joseph Waldie Wallace, Special Constable, Strathclyde Police.
Michael John Warner, TV Assembly Foreman, Vinteri Group Ltd. For services to Export.
Neville Edward Warner, Fitter, Alvis Ltd., Coventry.
Graham Wass, Overman, South Midlands Area, National Coal Board.
Douglas Watson, Rough Rounder/Riveter, Frank Wright Shoes Ltd., Kettering.
James Wheeler, Service Engineer, Southern Gas Region, British Gas Corporation.
Alan Whitaker, Foreman (Installation Inspection), Halifax District, Yorkshire Electricity Board.
Clifford Henry White, Shift Engineer, Newark Factory, British Sugar Corporation.
Thomas Claud Whitehorn, Chief Instructor, Hailsham Training Centre, Sussex.
Constance May Williams, Commandant, Detachment 302, West Yorkshire Branch, British Red Cross Society.
George Henry Williams, Shipkeeper, HMS Eaglet, Liverpool, Ministry of Defence.
Maggie May Williams, Observer, No. 12 Group (Bristol), Royal Observer Corps.
Trevor Owen Williams, Forest Craftsman, North Wales Conservancy, Forestry Commission.
Anthony Henry Edward Wilson, Electrician, Public Lighting, East Midlands Electricity Board.
Margaret Stavert Wilson, Head, Training Department, Barrie Knitwear Ltd., Hawick. For services to Export.
Ronald Leonard Woodman, Constable, Metropolitan Police.
Thomas George Woods, Constable, Ministry of Defence Police, Northern Ireland.
Violet Nancy Woodward, Supervisor, Adrema Section, Distribution Department, British Tourist Authority.
Florence Vera Wooton, Senior Messenger, Board of Inland Revenue.
Agnes Ross Wright. For services to the Glasgow Royal Infirmary.Overseas TerritoriesAlbert Michael Beiso. For services to sport in Gibraltar.
Amabelle Olivia Brookes. For services to the community in St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla.
Chan Kim-che, Clerical Officer Class 1, Prisons Department, Hong Kong.
Chow King-shing, Assistant Inspector of Works, Public Works Department, Hong Kong.
Herbert Donald Clingham, Sergeant of Police, St. Helena.
Riteti Eritama, Water Superintendent, Public Utilities Board, Gilbert Islands.
John Edwin Graham, Building Supervisor, Public Works Department, Belize.
James Henry Gumbs. For public services in Anguilla.
Dick Hanuara, Assistant Surveyor, Ministry of Agriculture & Lands, Solomon Islands.
Kapoa Liufau, Communications Officer, Ministry of Works & Utilities, Gilbert Islands.
Tapu Livi. For public services in Tuvalu.
Lo Kam-to, Railway Officer Class 1, Railways Department, Hong Kong.
Velma Malcolm. For services to the community in the Falkland Islands.
Moten Naari, Power Station Superintendent, Public Utilities Board, Gilbert Islands.
Ng Cheuk-tong, Chief Flight Technician, Civil Aviation Department, Hong Kong.
Myrtle Elaine O'Neal. For services to the community in the British Virgin Islands.
Sio Patiale, Superintendent, Marine Service, Tuvalu.
Poon Yui-fung, Interpreter Class 1, Police Department, Hong Kong.
Alfred Winfield Potter, Caretaker, Government House, Antigua.
Stafford Henry Samuel, Head Gardener, Government House, Antigua.
Arthur Guilherne Santos, Officer, Prisons Department, Hong Kong.
Tsui Po-shu, Clerical Officer Class 1, Police Department, Hong Kong.
Yeung Chap-lai, Executive Officer Class II, Registration of Persons Office, Hong Kong.Australian StatesState of New South WalesWalter Timothy Anderson. For services to the community.
Konstantin Bosnic. For services to the community.
William Edward Braithwaite. For services to the State.
Ernest Michael Carter. For services to local government.
Arthur Sydney Coleman. For services to the community.
Ethel Lillian May Gain. For services to the community.
Margaret Alice Hobson. For services to the community.
Ernest Hugh Kebby. For services to surf life saving.
John Mark McCarthy. For services to local government.
Alexey V. Danilov-Milkowsky. For services to the community.
Janet Parker. For services to the community.
Alfred Sidney Pickering. For services to the community and local government.
John Moses Shannon. For services to the community.
Thelma Simmons. For services to the community.
Lance Fitzgerald Studdert. For services to the community.
Marta Sybaczynskyj. For services to the community.
Ernest Horace Thorne. For services to the community and ex-servicemen.
Terence Joseph Timmins. For services to the community.
Sarah Isabel Vickery. For services to the community.
Ernest Philip Preston Younger. For services to the community.State of VictoriaMalcolm Earl Atkinson, of Mount Eliza. For services to hospital administration.
Reginald Roy Bennett, of Strathmore. For services to the sport of motor cycling.
The Reverend Richard Greenshields Butler, of Bentleigh. For services to the Presbyterian Church.
Francis John Edwards, of Shepparton. For services to football.
Lillian Lankester Goodwin, of East Brighton. For services to the community.
Adam Ian Laidlaw, of Tatyoon. For services to the rural community.
Jean Emery Major, of Cohuna. For services to the community.
Graeme John Manifold, of Port Albert. For services to the community.
Bruce McCracken, of Ararat. For services to the community.
John Ridley McEwen, of East Melbourne. For service in recording historical aspects of the State of Victoria.
Bessie Marion McGregor, of Ararat. For services to the community.
Mary Howden Moline, of Malvern. For services to the community.
Leslie Noel Moore, of Yea. For services to the community.
Alice May Morgan, of North Coburg. For services to the community.
Dorothy Margaret Norton, of Swan Hill. For services to the community.
Jan O'Hoy, of Bendigo. For services to the Chinese community.
Ronald George Palmer, of Newcomb. For services to youth athletics.
The Reverend Andrew John Pearce, of Yarraville. For services to the Methodist Church.
Eleanor Clara May Roberts, of Kyneton. For services to the community.
Lawrence Oswald Rudolph, of Horsham. For services to the community.
The Reverend Father Nicholas Simonazzi, of Hawthorn. For services to migrants.
Ada Vera May Sutherland, of Wangaratta. For services to the community.
Emily Mona Tobias, of Canterbury. For services to the education of the physically handicapped.
Philippa Winifred Curwen-Walker, of Merbein. For services to the community.
Millicent Ward, of Canterbury. For services to elderly citizens.State of QueenslandMuriel Irene Broad, of Sherwood. For services to the community.
Guido Canale, of Hendra. For services to the Italian community and to sport.
Helen Hermoine Cattermull, of Bundaberg. For services to the community.
William James Smith-Goodwin, of Gympie. For services to the Scouting Movement.
Ida Margaret Munro Mackay, of Teneriffe. For services to the community.
Catherine Ann McKenna, of East Ipswich. For services to the community.
Louisa Rose McLelland, of Toowong. For services to the Scottish community and Highland dancing.
Jessie Jean Massie, of Dutton Park. For services in promoting Highland dancing.
Olive Elizabeth Matthews, of Mundingburra. For services to the community.
William Edward Mulholland, of Gympie. For services to the community.
Dorothy Patch, of Sarina. For services to local community affairs.
Ethel May Ridgway, of Charleville. For services to the community.
Florence Eva Soymonoff, of Mackay. For services to the Girl Guide movement.
Louis Albert Horton Walford Vanrenen, of via Chinchilla. For services to the community.
Constance Maud Jessie Vines, of Ascot. For services to the community.
Noel Edwin Warburton, of Murgon. For services to local government and the grazing industry.
Ruth Mary Williamson, of Indooroopilly. For services to the Metropolitan Senior Citizens' Centre, Fortitude Valley.
Waldemar Howard Winsen, of Petrie Terrace. For services to Queensland Police Citizens Youth Welfare Association.Western AustraliaBette Lyla Allison, of Scarborough. For services to netball.
Margaret Bartlett, of Bayswater. For services to the Girl Guide movement.
William Joseph Cunningham, of Geraldton. For services to the community.
Esmee Dorothea Dowdell, of Katanning. For services to the community.
James Patrick Hall, of Mount Pleasant. For services to ex-Servicemen.
Gilbert Norman Lewis, of Kojonup. For services to sheep breeding.
Marjory Winifred Leslie Lewis, JP, of Kojonup. For services to the community through agricultural development.
Hugh John William Mouritz, of Emu Point. For services to music.
Margaret Fullarton Randall, of Manjimup. For services to the community.
Royal NavyPrincipal Matron Margaret Elizabeth Collins, ARRC, Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service.ArmyLieutenant Colonel Audrey Kathleen Mary Wisdom (445415), Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps.Royal Air ForceWing Officer Renee Annie Penrose, ARRC, (406825), Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service.
Royal NavySenior Superintending Sister Teresa Delia Doyle, Queen Alexandra's Royal Naval Nursing Service.
Fleet Chief Medical Technician Peter Eugene Hayward, M940432H.ArmyLieutenant Colonel Isabella Mercer, TD, (469599), Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps, Territorial & Army Volunteer Reserve.
Major Martha Craig Jack Russell (450317), Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps.Royal Air ForceSquadron Officer Sheila Margaret Firth (407582), Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service.
Squadron Officer Pauline Stones (408541), Princess Mary's Royal Air Force Nursing Service (for services at the British Embassy Peking).
M3523686 Chief Technician Philip Charles Prentice.
Royal NavyLieutenant Commander Christopher William Warne.
Lieutenant Kenneth George Lamprey.ArmyLieutenant Colonel James Langdon Dawson (390457), Army Air Corps.Royal Air ForceWing Commander Neil Roger Hayward (608081).
Wing Commander Roy Charles Humphreyson, MBE, (3150505).
Wing Commander Graham Adrian Smart, MBE, (3519697).
Wing Commander Ronald Andrew Fellowes Wilson (608139).
Squadron Leader Roger Hubert Beazley (4232496).
Squadron Leader Alexander Freeland Cairns Hunter (2620410).
Squadron Leader David Anthony Hurrell (2619868).
Squadron Leader Richard Holgate Needham Rhodes (4231584).
Squadron Leader Timothy Michael Webb (5200203).
Flight Lieutenant Derek John Fitzsimmons (4230739).
Flight Lieutenant Timothy Miles (4232415).
Royal Air ForceL4141822 Flight Sergeant David Ross.
D8140957 Sergeant Donald Jones.
Royal NavyLieutenant Commander Geoffrey Alan Cavalier.
Lieutenant Philip Anthony Shaw.Royal Air ForceSquadron Leader Geoffrey Brindle (4232215).
Squadron Leader Peter George Johnson (4231861).
Squadron Leader Peter Anthony Rowland Jones (2618267).
Squadron Leader John McRae (4231976).
Squadron Leader Henryk Rudolf Ploszek, AFC, (4160525).
Squadron Leader John Edward Rooum, AFC, (4230944).
Squadron Leader Michael Robert Tanner (685991).
Squadron Leader Timothy Gane Thorn (608332).
Squadron Leader Michael Alwyn Vickers, AFC, (204669).
Flight Lieutenant Michael John Bell (2616076).
Right Lieutenant John Cable (4232643).
Flight Lieutenant Richard Arthur Cross (4057357).
Flight Lieutenant Geoffrey Arthur Danieli (4230952), (Retd.)
Flight Lieutenant Ian Durston (4232672).
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Christopher Gruner (608597).
Flight Lieutenant James Edward Malcolm Mustard (2616344).
Flight Lieutenant William Vincent Nadin, AFC, (1684987).
Flight Lieutenant David Walby (4233030).
Flight Lieutenant Douglas Samuel Wilson (4231993).United KingdomPeter Frederick Cyril Boniface, Senior Cabin Service Officer, B747 Fleet, British Airways.
Phillip Charles Branson, Senior Engineer Officer, Flight Engineering Training Superintendent, B747 Flight, British Airways.
Michael Noel Fermor, Training Captain, British Airways Helicopters Ltd.
Douglas George King, Civilian Gliding Instructor, Air Cadets General Gliding School, RAF Newton.
Donald Tanton, Captain, Chief Training Captain, Britannia Airways.
James Young, Purser, British Airways.
England and WalesAdrian Fraser Canning Clissitt, Chief Constable, Hertfordshire Constabulary.
Albert Laugharne, Chief Constable, Warwickshire Constabulary.
Ernest William Bright, Assistant Commissioner, City of London Police.
Maurice Buck, Deputy Chief Constable, West Midlands Police.
Robert Ewing Kerr, Deputy Chief Constable, British Transport Police.
Lancelot Brian Scarth, Deputy Chief Constable, Northamptonshire Police.
John English, Assistant Chief Constable, Northumbria Police.
Tom Harrison, Deputy Assistant Commissioner, Metropolitan Police.
Colin Vernon Hewett, Deputy Assistant Commissioner, Metropolitan Police.
Alfred Gordon Hope, Commander, Metropolitan Police.
Donald Harry Sadler, Commander, Metropolitan Police.
Marjorie Elizabeth Mary Bishop, Chief Superintendent, Kent Constabulary.
Joseph Coffey, Chief Superintendent, Thames Valley Police.
Frank Tomlinson, Chief Superintendent, Greater Manchester Police.ScotlandDonald Burnie Henderson, Chief Constable, Northern Constabulary.
Alexander Morrison, Chief Constable, Grampian Police.
Robert Gray Campbell, Assistant Chief Constable, Strathclyde Police.Northern IrelandCecil Abraham Russell, Inspector, Royal Ulster Constabulary.Overseas TerritoriesEric Blackburn, CPM, Assistant Commissioner of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Oriel St. Arnold Hector, Commissioner of Police, St. Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla Police Force.
Eusebe Alexander Lawrence, CPM, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Royal St. Lucia Police Force.
James McMaster, CPM, Chief Superintendent of Police, Bermuda Police Force.
Ensley Luke Pierre, Commissioner of Police, Royal St. Lucia Police Force.
Edric Kenneth Potter, CPM, Commissioner of Police, Royal Turks & Caicos Islands Police Force.Australian StatesNew South Wales Police ForceReginald James Douglass, Superintendent 1st Class.
Maxwell Alexander Fyffe, Inspector 3rd Class.
William Thomas Peter Holmes, Superintendent 3rd Class.
Kevan Francis McAuliffe, Superintendent 3rd Class.
Jack McNeill, Superintendent 3rd Class.
Edward William Quill, Superintendent 3rd Class.
Eric Ward Rankin, Superintendent 2nd Class.
Robert Alexander Sutherland, Superintendent 3rd Class.
Harry Desmond Tupman, Inspector 3rd Class.Victoria Police ForceRex Wilson Hornbuckle, Sergeant.
Charles Leslie Keating, Superintendent.
Harry Morrison, Senior Sergeant.
James Murtagh, Chief Superintendent.
Kevan James Snodgrass, Inspector.
Patrick Francis Walsh, Chief Superintendent.Queensland Police ForceRobert Brian Hayes, Superintendent.
Ernest Horan, Superintendent.
Anthony Murphy, Superintendent.Western Australian Police ForceBernard Joseph Clarke, Assistant Commissioner.
Charles Lindsay Napier, Superintendent.Tasmania Police ForceAubrey Patrick Canning, Detective Superintendent.
Donald John Fenton, Superintendent.
Douglas James Harris, Superintendent.
Edwin James Johnstone, Superintendent.
Maurice Edmund Massie, Inspector.
Keith Henry Viney, Assistant Commissioner.
John James Webberley, Superintendent.
England and WalesNorman Francis Roundell, Assistant Chief Officer, London Fire Brigade.
Peter Robinson, Divisional Officer Grade 1, Buckinghamshire Fire Brigade.
Andrew Noel Lightbody, Assistant Chief Officer, Cheshire Fire Brigade.
Robert Owens, Assistant Chief Officer, Merseyside Fire Brigade.ScotlandPhilip Stuart Morrison, MBE, Firemaster, Central Region Fire Brigade.Overseas TerritoriesBrian Gray Fender, CPM, Chief Fire Officer, Hong Kong Fire Services.
Alan James Jones, CPM, Chief Fire Officer, Hong Kong Fire Services.
Roy Fitzgerald Baptiste, Assistant Superintendent of Police, Royal Antigua Police Force.
Abdul Latif Cassumbhoy, Chief Inspector of Police, Royal Hong Kong Auxiliary Police Force.
Cho-wing Chan, Assistant Divisional Officer, Hong Kong Fire Services.
Ho-yin Chan, Senior Superintendent of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Kwan-fu Chik, Chief Inspector of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Tommy Kimmen Choy, Superintendent of Police, Royal Hong Kong Auxiliary Police Force.
Hon-ming Chu, Chief Inspector of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Peter John Clarke, Chief Superintendent of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Barry Ivor Elliott, Chief Inspector of Police, Bermuda Reserve Constabulary.
Ralph Leonard Ferguson, Deputy Commandant, Bermuda Reserve Constabulary.
Auguste Francis, Sergeant of Police, Royal St. Lucia Police Force.
Joseph Frank Cardinal Francis, Deputy Commissioner, St. Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla Police Force.
Brian Frederick Gravener, Chief Inspector of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Kenneth William Hodgkins, Divisional Officer, Hong Kong Fire Services.
Mathew Kubebatu, Superintendent of Police, Solomon Islands Police Force.
Sai-yiu Kwan, Divisional Officer, Hong Kong Fire Services.
Michael Francis Quinn, Chief Inspector of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Roberto Barnabe Rocha, Chief Inspector of Police, Royal Hong Kong Auxiliary Police Force.
Ronald William Smith, Senior Superintendent of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Peter Brian Stubbs, Chief Inspector of Police, Bermuda Police Force.
Tauteba Takanoi, Superintendent of Police, Gilbert Islands Police Force.
Temaua Tenano, Superintendent of Police, Gilbert Islands Police Force.
John Albert Thorpe, Senior Superintendent of Police, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Ngor Wan, Principal Fireman, Hong Kong Fire Services.
Ivor Williams, Assistant Superintendent of Police, Royal Antigua Police Force.
Kwan Wong, Station Sergeant, Royal Hong Kong Police Force.
Tai Yuen, Chief Inspector of Police, Royal Hong Kong Auxiliary Police Force.
Richard Kingsland, CBE, DFC, of Campbell, Australian Capital Territory. For public service.
Colonel Malcolm Hugh McArthur, OBE, of Wollert, Victoria. For service to the meat industry.
Robert Evelyn Porter, of Gilberton, South Australia. For service to local government and the community.
John Seymour Proud, of Turramurra, New South Wales. For service to the mining industry.
Kenneth Harold Vial, CBE, of Kew, Victoria. For service to transport.
Senator the Honourable Reginald Charles Wright, of New Town, Tasmania. For public and parliamentary service.
Lyndon Raymond Dadswell, of Paddington, New South Wales. For service to sculpture.
James Francis Lavan, MC, ED, of Cremorne, New South Wales. For service to banking.
Brigadier John Gilbert McKinna, CBE, DSO, MVO, of Kensington Park, South Australia. For service to veterans.
The Honourable Mr. Justice Charles Leycester Devenish Meares, of Kirribilli, New South Wales. For service in the field of social welfare, particularly to the handicapped.
Joyce Ethel, Lady Price, OBE, of Red Hill, Victoria. For service to girl guides.
Civil DivisionThe Most Reverend Guilford Clyde Young, of Sandy Bay, Tasmania. For services to the church.
Civil DivisionRobert David Garrick Agnew, of Peppermint Grove, Western Australia. For service to industry.
Neil William Briton, of Kenmore, Queensland. For service to agricultural education.
Maurice Hearne Byers, QC, of Clifton Gardens, New South Wales. For public service in the field of law.
Louis William Bircham Engledow, of Deakin, Australian Capital Territory. For public service.
Richard George Fry, OBE, of Earlville, Queensland. For service to industry.
Godfrey Alan Letts, of Batchelor, Northern Territory. For parliamentary and public service.
Professor Russell Lloyd Mathews, of Campbell, Australian Capital Territory. For service to government and to commerce.
John Paul Wild, of Strathfield, New South Wales. For services to science in the field of radiophysics.
Professor Jerzy (George) Zubrzycki, MBE, of Yarralumla, Australian Capital Territory. For service to sociology and to migrants.
Civil DivisionDavid Andary, of Berri, South Australia. For service to the fruit industry.
William Geoffrey Boissevain, of Glen Forest, Western Australia. For service to the arts.
Harry Lyle Bowey, of Salisbury, South Australia. For service to local government and the community.
Joseph Brown, of South Yarra, Victoria. For service to the arts.
Professor the Right Reverend Rolland Arthur Busch, ED, of St. Lucia, Queensland. For service to the church.
Douglas Arch Campbell, of Buff Point, New South Wales. For services to the pig industry.
Ian Castles, of Narrabundah, Australian Capital Territory. For public service.
Vernon Ernest Hollyock, of Kew, Victoria. For service to health in the field of obstetrics and gynaecology.
Irene Florence Jeffreys, of Hazelwood Park, South Australia. For service to the church, women, children and the aged.
Victor Edward Jennings, of Mount Eliza, Victoria. For service to the building industry.
Geoffrey Kolterman Kolts, of Maquarie, Australian Capital Territory. For public service.
Horace Clive Miller, of Nedlands, Western Australia. For service to aviation.
Allan George Moffat, of Toorak, Victoria. For service to the sport of motor racing.
Jean Lewis Malor (Mrs. Mullin), of Darling Point, New South Wales. For service to the law.
Leonard Antill Pockley, of "Pylara", via Tarago, New South Wales. For service to livestock industries and agricultural education.
Keith James Rodda, of Mount Eliza, Victoria. For public service to construction.
Alan Alexander Russell, of Fullarton, South Australia. For services to pharmacy.
Professor Peter Scott, of Sandy Bay, Tasmania, For service to urban planning.
Stanley Arthur Thiess, of Caringbak, New South Wales. For service to civil engineering.
Eileen Scott-Young (Mrs. Cammack), of Penrith, New South Wales. For service to local government and to health.
John Mervyn Wark, of Red Hill, Australian Capital Territory. For public service.
Frederick Maxwell Watts, of Killara, New South Wales. For service to youth and the disadvantaged.
Peter Charles Wickens, of Mosman, New South Wales. For service to the insurance industry.
The Very Reverend Gillarn Albert McConnell Wood, of New Town, Victoria. For service to the church.
Military DivisionRoyal Australian NavyLieutenant-Commander John George Fowler (01337).
Lieutenant-Commander Norman Eric Goodwin, VRD, (C60402), RAN Reserve.Australian ArmyMajor Kevin James Cheetham, ED, (267669), Royal Australian Infantry (Australian Citizens Military Forces).
Warrant Officer Class One Peter George Cowan (53419), Royal Australian Infantry.
Major Ian Mackenzie Guild (216196), Royal Australian Infantry.
Major Dudley Clive Lever (14703), Royal Australian Electrical and Mechanical Engineers.
Captain John David Szajner (64276), Royal Australian Engineers.
Major Robert Barrie Wade (36664), Royal Australian Armoured Corps.Royal Australian Air ForceSquadron Leader Alexander Falconar Grant (0319449), RAAF Reserve.
Flight Lieutenant Ronald Eugene Usher (015711).
Squadron Leader Peter Sydney Wilkins (0225757).Civil DivisionJean Phyllis Mary Austin, of Pymble, New South Wales. For service in the field of law.
James Edward Barry, of Glen Iris, Victoria, For service to sport and gymnastics and as chairman, Sports Advisory Council.
John Beach, of Berowra, New South Wales. For service to health, veterans and the aged.
Matron Priscilla Bevan, of Burwood, New South Wales. For service to health, children and the aged.
Colin John Bourke, of Blackburn, Victoria. For service to Aboriginal education.
Captain Harold Geeves Chesterman, DSC, RD, Royal Naval Reserve (Retd.), of Sherwood, Queensland. For public service to transport as master of the MV Cape Moreton.
Eddina Iris Beatrice Churcher, of Elanora Heights, New South Wales. For service to children as secretary of the Royal Far West Children's Health Scheme.
Eric John Cooper, of Castle Hill, New South Wales. For service to the poultry industry and to health.
John Julian Dempsey De Meyrrir, of St. Ives, New South Wales. For service to technology and technical education.
Thelma Everilda May Dent, of North Adelaide, South Australia. For service to musical education.
Stewart Richmond Dinnen, of St. Leonards Tasmania. For service to the church.
Annie Laurie Douglas, of Ainslie, Australian Capital Territory. For public service.
Jan Andrew Fotheringham, of Dandenong, Victoria. For service to the local government and the community.
Ronald Gordon Fry, of Castle Cove; New South Wales. For service to the metal trades industry.
Harold Gordon Gilding, of Tanunda, South Australia. For service to local government, tourism and the community.
William Alexander Graham, of Dunedoo, New South Wales. For service to the wheat industry.
Peter John Grimshaw, of Farrer, Australian Capital Territory. For service to university administration.
Stephen John Hamra, of Kurralta Park, South Australia. For service to local government, sport and the community.
Vernon Arthur (Bim) Hilder, of Castlecrag, New South Wales. For service to sculpture and to the community.
Josephine Holloway, of Kirribilli, New South Wales. For public service.
Melrose Francis Holman, of Devonport, Tasmania. For service to trade and the community.
Harold Randolph Hughan, of Glen Iris, Victoria. For service to pottery.
Robert Watson Hughes, of Bonbeach, Victoria. For service to music.
Robert John Inverarity, of Mount Claremont, Western Australia. For service to cricket.
Raymond Cecil Isles, of Coffs Harbour, New South Wales. For service to industry and export trade.
Barbara Jackson, of North Sydney, New South Wales. For service to education, particularly as member of the schools commission for non-government schools.
Lilian Mary Johnston, of Kensington Gardens, South Australia. For service to children, local government and the handicapped.
Arnold Robert Kopp, DFC, of Mount Waverley, Victoria. For public service in the field of social security.
Mavis Jean Lay, of Glen-Iris, Victoria. For public service as a training officer.
Kaye Mary Lette, of Geilston Bay, Tasmania. For public service to veterans and service to children, the aged and to social welfare.
Maurice Jabarula Luther, of Lajamanu, via Darwin, Northern Territory. For service to the Aboriginal community.
Natascha Duschene McNamara, of Adelaide, South Australia. For service to Aboriginals and to Aboriginal education.
Maxford Frederick Martin, of Lenah Valley, Tasmania. For public service in the field of social security.
Donald Miles, of Invernell, New South Wales. For service to local government, sport and the aged.
Ronald Griffith Miller, of Orange, New South Wales. For service to local government, the community and primary industry.
The Reverend Father Aramis Mirzaian, of Artarmon, New South Wales. For service to the church and migrants.
Raymond Walker Mitchell, of Gymea, New South Wales. For service to boxing and sports journalism.
Robert Ian Maxwell Moss. For valuable public service as manager, Ordnance Factory Bendigo.
Laurence Stanley Mulhall, of Orange, New South Wales. For services to veterans and journalism.
Lieutenant Colonel Jan Novak, of Liverpool, New South Wales. For service to veterans and migrants.
Edward Warren Owen Perrin, ED, of Eaglemount, Victoria. For services to military, administrative and Victorian history.
Trevor William Plumb, of Yarralumla, Australian Capital Territory. For public service in the field of national mapping.
Robert Edward Richardson, MC, of Sandy Bay, Tasmania. For service to veterans as state president of the TPI Association.
Councillor Roy Francis (Dick) Turner, of North Bendigo, Victoria. For service to local government, sport and the community.
George William Walmsley, of East Malvern, Victoria. For service to trade and industry.
Kenneth Peter Warby, of Concord, New South Wales. For service to the sport of speedboat racing.
Annie Mavis Webster, of Bendigo, Victoria. For service to music and musical education.
Edwin Ernest White, of Glendalough, Western Australia. For service to migrants.
William Alfred Williams, of Strathfield, New South Wales. For service to the wool industry.
Edward James Wilkinson, First Assistant Secretary, Postal and Telecommunications Department.
Military DivisionRoyal Australian NavyPetty Officer Leslie Vincent Crowe (R50243).
Petty Officer John Alexander Edwards (R52681).
Chief Petty Officer William Warren Lehane (R100608).Australian ArmySergeant (Temporary Staff Sergeant) John Enos Appleyard (36307), Royal Australian Army Ordnance Corps.
Corporal Ronald John Rockcliffe (5410234), Royal Australian Engineers.
Corporal Michael Graham Seymour (215694), Royal Australian Electrical and Mechanical Engineers.
Sergeant Thomas Shales (48646), Royal Australian Signals.
Staff Sergeant (Temporary Warrant Officer Class Two) Michael Leon Taylor (216503), Royal Australian Army Dental Corps.
Gunner (Temporary Bombardier) Alan Keith Whiteley (2192036), Royal Australian Artillery, (Australian Citizens Military Forces).Royal Australian Air ForceSergeant Nod Robert Dunstan (A111888).
Sergeant Terry Robert Giles (A43639).
Sergeant Ernest Albert Payne (A219058).Civil DivisionJoyce Margaret Alton, of Albany Creek, Queensland. For services as postmistress.
Edgar George Apsey, of Randwick, New South Wales. For service in the field of construction.
James Stewart Ashton, of Floreat Park, Western Australia. For service to the handicapped.
Sallie Atkinson, of Epping North, New South Wales. For public service to the CSIRO.
Eric Harold Brown, of Tocumeval, New South Wales. For service to local government and the community.
Mary Kathleen Clare Cocking, of Bankstown, New South Wales. For services to health.
Neville Alfred James Cullen, of Bundaberg, Queensland. For service to rowing.
Reginald Williams Dalton, of Kingscliff, New South Wales. For service to sport and the community.
Peter Daniel, of Strathmore, Victoria. For service as a car driver.
Priscilla Mary Jane Doyle, of St. Helens, Tasmania. For service to the Red Cross and the community.
Daisy Elms, of Coombabah, Tasmania. For service to veterans and the community.
Ivy Ellavine Evans, of Magill, South Australia. For service to health and the community.
Margaret Hope Figtree, of Hurstville, New South Wales. For service to health.
Norman George Flannery, of Moreland, Victoria. For public service and service to migrants and the handicapped.
Freda Frelek, of Trevallyn, Tasmania. For service to migrants.
Maeva Elizabeth Galloway, of Forrest, Australian Capital Territory. For service to music.
Henry Thomond Garland, of Barraba, New South Wales. For service to veterans and the aged.
Frederick Edward Gavin, of West Wollogong, New South Wales. For service to archery.
Wallace Edward Grubb, of Lenah Valley, Tasmania. For public service in the field of telecommunications and for service to veterans, youth and sport.
Francis Joseph Gumbley, of Homebush, New South Wales. For service to the meat industry and charities.
Frederick James Hall, of Grafton, New South Wales. For service to the surf life saving movement.
Ruby Aileen Hancock, of Reid, Australian Capital Territory. For service to the handicapped.
William Allan Hardwick, of Glenorchy, Tasmania. For service to veterans and to youth.
Peter Ernest Harrison, of Dubbo, New South Wales. For public service in the field of civil aviation.
Blodwen Morwenna Holy, of North Melbourne, Victoria. For public service and service to veterans.
Anthony Jay, AFC, of Fullarton, South Australia. For public service as Range Overseer, Woomera.
Edmund Trevor Holmes Jowett, of Launceston, Tasmania. For service to motorcycling.
Brother Damian (Kevin Ronald) Keane, of Lilydale, Victoria. For service to the mentally handicapped.
Arthur Beresford Leigh, of Corinda, Queensland. For public service in the field of construction.
Keith Henry Line, Clontarf, New South Wales. For service to skiing, youth and the community.
Amy Jessie Macgoun, of Castle Hill, New South Wales. For service to youth and equestrian sport.
Ian Trevor McIvor, of Toowoomba, Queensland. For service to youth.
Samuel Richard Martin, of Eurongilly, via Junee, New South Wales. For service to local government and the community.
Dorothea Cecelia Mitchell, of Beecroft, New South Wales. For service to the arts and the community.
Harvey Charles O'Neill, of Lake Placid, via Cairns, Queensland. For public service in the field of employment.
Mary Madelaine Theodora O'Sullivan, of Toarak, Victoria. For service to the Red Cross.
Sheila Mary Prior, of Artarmon, New South Wales. For services to the arts and charity.
William Ernest Roe, of Darwin, Northern Territory. For service to Australian rules football.
William Henry Desborough Rogers, of Westmead, New South Wales. For service to youth, the aged and under privileged.
Beryl Simpson, of Cessnock, New South Wales. For service to children.
Mary Cecelia Stevenson, of Devonport, Tasmania. For service to women, the aged and the community.
Charles Edward Stuart, of Windsor, Victoria. For service to veterans, especially ex-prisoners of war and dependants.
Robert Henry Suitor, of Deakin, Australian Capital Territory. For public service as a gardener.
Barbara Rose Temby, of East Ivanhoe, Victoria. For service to youth, the handicapped and community.
Mary Ann Phoebe Veal, of Prahran, Victoria. For service to the aged.
Maria Rosalia Gertrude Wiener, of Nedlands, Western Australia. For service to migrants.
Stanley Thomas Williams, of Wukroonga, New South Wales. For service to hospital administration.
Colonel Nellie Jane Espie (F64), Royal Australian Army Nursing Corps.
Major Beryl Mary Elizabeth Hogarth (F35055), Royal Australian Army Nursing Corps.
Major Betty Vera McNabb (F35066), Royal Australian Army Nursing Corps.
Squadron Leader Jean Margaret Harrison (N58357), Royal Australian Air Force Nursing Service.
Australian Army Aviation CorpsLieutenant Ian Sterling Hendrick (57251).
Lieutenant (Temporary Captain) Robert Edward Walford (314207).Royal Australian Air ForceFlight Lieutenant Philip Charles Astley (057227).
Squadron Leader Ronald Leith Biddell (043796).
Squadron Leader Richard Brooke Gregory (018813).
Squadron Leader David John Leach (0316292).
Squadron Leader James Arthur Thompson Lowe (0316851).
Flight Lieutenant Paul Victor Page (0225699).
Royal Australian Air ForceSergeant Peter Laurie Watson (A57911).
Royal Australian Air ForceSquadron Leader Geoffrey Leonard Colman (0221633).
Sergeant Raymond George Morrison (AS7741).
Squadron Leader Barry Maxwell Schulz (044090).
Frank Leslie Edney, Senior Inspector, Commonwealth Police Force.
Edmund Hector George, Inspector, Commonwealth Police Force.
Allan Frederick Cyril Metcalfe, Superintendent, Northern Territory Police Force.
Joseph Michel Emile Series. For services in the field of agriculture and industrial development.
Doctor The Right Honourable Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam, MLA, Prime Minister of Mauritius.
Ramkwar Gopaul, Chairman, Public and Police Service Commissions.
Civil DivisionBheewah Mahadoo. For services to the co-operative movement and for voluntary social work.
Marie Marcel Arthur Nayna, lately Controller, Government Fire Services.
Ernest Melchior Pierre Rouillard. For services to agriculture.
Bhimsen Ramgutty Seebundhun. For services to local government and voluntary social work.
Laichand Soowamber, Postmaster-General.
Civil DivisionMalleck Hajee Carrim Ahmed. For services in the field of labour and industrial relations.
Moteelall Beedasy, Senior Supervisor (Hindi), Ministry of Education and Cultural Affairs.
Mauritius Police ForceJoseph Yves Emmanuel Hebrard, Superintendent.
Benyduth Ramjeawon, Inspector.
Jean Marc Herve Seneque, Superintendent.
Civil DivisionTamesar Bhim, Auditor-General.
Civil DivisionAdi Losalini Raravuya Dovi. For services to the community.
George Ratcliffe Hemming, MBE. For services to the community, particularly in the field of medicine.
Civil DivisionRam Sami Gounder. For services to the community.
Ratu Kitione Malumulevu Kubuabola. For services to the community.
Udit Narayan. For services to the community.
Eparama Ulutegu Tarovia. For services to the community.
Civil DivisionSamuela Vavitamana Waqairatu. For public service.
Hanford William Darville, Chairman of Public Service Commission.
Civil DivisionGerald Augustus Bartlett, CPM, Deputy Commissioner, Royal Bahamas Police Force.
Civil DivisionEverette Wakefield Evans, Sr. For services to the community.
John Edward Johnson. For services to the community.
The Reverend John Reece; Jr. For services to the church and community.
Civil DivisionEna Bailey. For services to education.
Mae Valentine Clarke. For services to the post office.
Lily Maycock. For services to the community.
Freda Emma Anna Poitier. For services to education.
For Distinguished ServicePaul Rupert Thompson, CPM, Assistant Commissioner, Royal Bahamas Police Force.
Civil DivisionHugh Dillon Baptiste. For services to education.
Civil DivisionDorothy Irene Ogilvie. For services to nursing.
Alice Beatrice Myra Salhab. For public service.
Civil DivisionMary Rose Valjean Charles. For services to the community.
Randolph Thomas Armstrong Forrester. For services to the community.
Veronica Louisa Mark. For services to the community.
Leroy Cadore, Acting Inspector, Grenada Police Force.
The Right Honourable Michael Thomas Somare, MP, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea.
The Honourable Kingsford Dibela, MP, Speaker of the National Parliament.
Civil DivisionThe Honourable Bruce Reginald Jephcott, MP. Minister for Transport and Civil Aviation.
Civil DivisionThe Right Reverend George Ambo, Anglican Bishop of Popondetta.
Jack Koavea Karukuru, lately Secretary, Department of Provincial Affairs.
Samuel Piniau. For services to broadcasting and sport.
Military DivisionLieutenant Commander David Joseph Angus (01822), Royal Australian Navy, Papua New Guinea Defence Force.
Warrant Officer Class 2 Matthew Boidarua-Bwaragun (81615), Papua New Guinea Defence Force.
Warrant Officer Class 2 John Joseph Carr (53873), Papua New Guinea Defence Force.Civil DivisionLillie Bryant Calvert. For services to medicine and the community.
Andrew Dambui, Assistant Commissioner, Corrective Institutions.
Martin Pius Sinavih, office of the Prime Minister.
Dawa Lynch, lately Member, Public Services Commission.
Muriso Warebu. For services to the community.
Civil DivisionKerelavi Augwi, lately Sub-Inspector, Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary.
Wakone Kembaran. For services as a government interpreter.
Kumahuria, Sergeant, Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary.
Nusai Mamoang, Chief Assistant Correctional Officer.
Mondiei, Senior Constable, Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary.
Grace Pokana. For services to politics and the community.
Wango Yambali. For services to the community.
Kambao Yoweh, Senior Assistant Correctional Officer.
Peter Rendell Giddings, Superintendent, Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary.
Norbert Maiap, Chief Superintendent, Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary.
Captain David Donald Ian Campbell. For services to civil aviation.
Captain George Argyle Glassey. For services to civil aviation.
Grover Jackson is an American luthier best known for designing and making various guitar models at Jackson Guitars, such as Jackson Rhoads and Jackson Soloist during the 1980s.
Jackson has been making guitars since 1973. In 1978, he started working at Wayne Charvel's guitar repair shop in Covina, California (while using a PO Box in neighboring San Dimas). Since Charvel's shop was almost bankrupted, Charvel eventually sold his interest to Grover Jackson on November 10, 1978, which gave Jackson control of the business and the Charvel brand. In 1980 he also launched the Jackson brand with the Randy Rhoads model.
Although Jackson and Charvel Guitars became popular with the rise of hard rock and heavy metal music in that era, Grover Jackson sold the Jackson/Charvel brand to the Japanese manufacturer IMC (International Music Corporation) of Fort Worth, Texas, in 1989, and eventually left the company in 1990.
From 1993 to 1996, Jackson worked for Washburn USA in Chicago. During this time he designed and supervised the "Chicago MG" and "Mercury" guitar and "Bantam" bass series. These models were advertised as "Grover Jackson's design" along with his photo. He also worked with Dimebag Darrell to design and build his signature guitars (Washburn Dime series). Then he moved on to run the factory and supervise guitar designs for Rickenbacker from 1996 to 1999. This is also the same time Rickenbacker started adopting CNC router operation (late 1996 - 1997). He also worked with several other manufacturers, such as G&L Musical Instruments, Tacoma Guitars and Sadowsky, throughout the late 1990s to 2000s. In around 2010, he worked for B.C. Rich to design and handcraft "Gunslinger" series guitar model.In from 2014 to 2015, there was an IndieGoGo crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a documentary film about him. However it failed to reach its $250,000 goal.In 2018, Jackson starts working with Friedman Amplification and manufacture Friedman brand guitars including pickups based on David Friedman's spec.
In 2012, Jackson co-founded GJ² Guitars in Orange County, California. His partner in this venture was former Fender Senior Vice President Jon Gold. Jackson maintains his lifelong commitment to high quality USA made guitars, most featuring superstrat design.
In the 1990s, many models were produced as Japanese market exclusives under "Grover Jackson" brand name. However, in this period of time Grover Jackson had nothing to do with the brand name. This was due to "Jackson" brand already being trademarked by another company in Japan and having to have a different name for the market. The "Grover Jackson" line was produced in Japan, in the same factory as the "Jackson Professional" series. There were also some low end models marketed as "Team GJ". "Grover Jackson" brand was later renamed "Jackson Stars". "Jackson Stars" was essentially the same as "Grover Jackson" brand with the same purpose of being a Japanese exclusive line of Jackson guitars.
There were, however, "Grover Jackson" guitars which were made in the Jackson USA Custom Shop. Examples of these were the Artist signature line, which included the Marty Friedman signature Kelly, which was renamed "The Kelly".Date of these models are identified from headstock as follows;
From 1991 - 92: Jackson (R)/Grover Jackson (where "Jackson" is large toothpaste logo and "Grover Jackson" portion is attached small letters)
From 1993 - 94: Jackson /Grover Jackson (R) (same letter configuration other than placement of (R))
From 1995 - 98: Grover Jackson (R) (where all of it is large toothpaste letters)
GJ2 Guitars official website
Grover Jackson Interview - NAMM Oral History Library (2008)
Jon Gold Interview about Grover Jackson - NAMM Oral History Library (2012)
Joseph Gerald Webster is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 150th District.
Webster graduated from La Salle College High School in 1976. He then graduated from the United States Air Force Academy in 1980 with a degree in Engineering and Humanities. Webster would later receive Master of Arts degrees from Wright State in English in 1984 and Naval War College in National Security Policy Studies in 2001 and a PhD from George Washington University in Public Policy in 2004. He went on to serve as an officer in the United States Air Force for 31 years, including 20 years at the Pentagon working on special projects and eventually serving as the legislative liaison between the Air Force and Congress, eventually retiring at the rank of Colonel.
In 2018 Webster ran to replace retiring Republican Michael Corr. He won the general election with 56% of the vote, beating Republican Nick Fountain.
PA House website
Official Party website
Xuxa 10 Anos is a commemorative album by Brazilian singer Xuxa Meneghel. It was released in several formats in 1996: CD, cassette tape and LP. Sold 500,000 copies and was 3x platinum. In addition to the album, a special program was shown by TV Globo in June 1996.The "Xuxa 10 Anos" is an album commemorating the 10 years of Xuxa in Rede Globo, with 10 of its greatest hits, with 5 of them winning remixed versions. The album was re-released on CD in 2005, 2006 and 2008 by Som Livre.
The album was widely released by Xuxa on the TV shows Xuxa Park and Xuxa Hits (that in the following year happened to be called Planeta Xuxa), and was also widely publicized on the Sexto Sentido and Tô de Bem com a Vida tours.
Valeu (10 Anos de Amor)
Tindolelê (Memê's Rádio Mix)
Dança da Xuxa (Mello's Dance Rádio Mix)
Brincar de Índio (Dance Mix)
Jogo da Rima (Memê's Super Dance Mix)
Nosso Canto de Paz (Mello's Rádio Remix)
Dez Anos
Ilariê
Doce Mel (Bom Estar com Você)
Arco-Íris
Lua de Cristal
Festa do Estica e Puxa
Vamos Comemorar
Xuxa 10 Anos at Discogs
Karmsundsposten was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Haugesund in Rogaland county, Norway.
Karmsundsposten was started in 1861, as the first newspaper in the middle-sized city. It took its name from the Karmsundet strait between Haugesund and Karmøy. In 1915 it was absorbed by the Labour Party newspaper Haugesunds Folkeblad.
Jeremy Henley Burroughes  (born August 1960) is a British physicist and engineer, known for his contributions to the development of organic electronics through his work on the science of semiconducting polymers and molecules and their application. He is the Chief Technology Officer of Cambridge Display Technology, a company specialising in the development of technologies based on polymer light-emitting diodes.
Burroughes earned his PhD from the University of Cambridge in 1989. His thesis was entitled The physical processes in organic semiconducting polymer devices.
Early in his career, Burroughes discovered that certain conjugated polymers were capable of emitting light when an electric current passed through them. The discovery of this previously unknown form of electroluminescence led to the foundation of Cambridge Display Technology where Burroughes has been responsible for a number of technology innovations, including the direct printing of full-colour OLED displays.
Burroughes was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2012. His certificate of election reads: Burroughes made the seminal advances in the science and engineering of semiconducting polymers that have brought these materials from research to the marketplace. His early papers from Cambridge on polymer FETs (1988) and LEDs (1990) defined the scope of the field. In his role as Chief Technology Officer at Cambridge Display Technology he has transformed early demonstration into fully manufacturable technology, using new device architectures, new materials and new manufacturing processes such as direct printing of full colour LED displays. This engineering programme has generated fundamental understanding of the underlying device physics.
Judge Hatchett is an American arbitration-based reality court show, produced and distributed by Sony Pictures Television. The series premiered on September 4, 2000 and ran for eight seasons until its cancellation on May 23, 2008. It was Sony Pictures' first court show.
This series is unrelated to the Glenda Hatchett series that started in 2016, The Verdict With Judge Hatchett, which is produced by Entertainment Studios.
The series starred Glenda Hatchett and was modeled after other "court shows" such as Judge Judy and the long running The People's Court, as well as containing elements from tabloid talk shows such as Sally Jessy Raphael and Maury Povich. In addition to dealing with traditional small-claims lawsuits (with a plaintiff, defendant, and monetary awards sought), she also handled DNA paternity tests and out of control teens. Originally, gentle and compassionate, Hatchett would later become a more scurrilous and scalding disciplinarian, intent on teaching young people a lesson by sending them on corrective trips. The show would follow these youths on the corrective trips that Hatchett sent them on.
Judge Hatchett ran interventions for troubled teens. Among Judge Hatchett's recommendations for intervention and other help were Tommy the Clown, an eighteen-year-old mayor, prisons and Yolanda King (daughter of Martin Luther King Jr.). On one occasion, Judge Hatchett ran an intervention herself, running the building of an outdoor theater which ended up being named after her as a thanks. It was filmed at the Chelsea Studios in New York City (where fellow Sony Pictures court shows Judge Maria Lopez and Judge David Young also taped as well).
After Judge Hatchett drew low ratings and key ABC Owned and Operated Stations began dropping the show, Sony Pictures Television made the decision to cancel the show. It has continued in reruns since then. Reruns aired on Black Entertainment Television, and was also offered by Sony in a barter package meant for low-rated stations looking to find content between 2010 and 2012. Reruns also aired on WE TV for a short time in late 2014.
Judge Hatchett at IMDb
Official website
Pierre Morel (born 10 September 1930) is a French former professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1960 Tour de France.
Pierre Morel at Cycling Archives
A lubber line is a fixed line on a compass binnacle or radar plan position indicator display pointing towards the front of the ship or aircraft  and corresponding to the craft's centerline (being the customary direction of movement).
The line represents 0 degrees and is therefore the zero-point from which relative bearings are measured, e.g., "twenty-degrees to port".
Compasses on sailboats may have additional lubber lines at forty-five degrees from the centerline.  This represents about as close to the wind as the average boat will sail. These lubber lines may be used when sailing close hauled to see if you are on the closest course to your destination, without having to add or subtract the 45 degrees every few minutes, or recalculate your required heading every time you tack. The main line on the compass reads your current (close-hauled) heading and the leeward lubber line will read the bearing to your destination, regardless of whether you are on port or starboard tack. Lubber lines also help you to see windshifts when racing. If you are sailing close-hauled with good trim and you notice that your bearing to the windward mark starts to drift outside the lubber line (angle becoming greater than 45 degrees) you are being headed, and should consider tacking.
Directional Gyros on aircraft also have additional forty-five degree lubber lines.  These are useful for intercepting tracks and making procedure turns.
Lewis Gustave Hansen (November 18, 1891 – November 18, 1965) was an American lawyer, judge, and politician who was the  Democratic nominee for Governor of New Jersey in 1946.
Hansen was born in 1891 in Jersey City, New Jersey. He received a master's degree from New York University School of Law in 1913 and was a counsellor-at-law in New Jersey beginning in 1916. He served one term in the New Jersey General Assembly before becoming first assistant prosecutor in Hudson County. From 1933 to 1940 he was first assistant corporation counsel in Jersey City. He was then appointed by Governor A. Harry Moore to the Second District Court of Jersey City.Hansen resigned his judicial position in 1946 to run for Governor of New Jersey against the Republican candidate Alfred E. Driscoll. He lost by more than 221,000 votes. Following his defeat he was campaign manager in 1949 for the City Commission ticket in Jersey City backed by political boss Frank Hague. The ticket was unsuccessful, as John V. Kenny defeated Hague's nephew, Frank H. Eggers, in the Jersey City mayoral race. Hansen was reported to have been the first person to greet Kenny on the day he was sworn in.Hansen served as Surrogate of Hudson County before retiring in 1957 to Oceanport, New Jersey. In 1965 he died in West Palm Beach, Florida on his 74th birthday.
"Wildfire" is the fifth and penultimate episode of the first season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead. It originally aired on AMC in the United States on November 28, 2010. The episode was written by Glen Mazzara and directed by Ernest Dickerson.
In the episode, the survivors deal with the aftermath of the walker attack, and decide to move to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention facilities, hoping to find a cure for an infected Jim (Andrew Rothenberg). Meanwhile, Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal), finding his leadership position challenged by Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln), succumbs to his inner demons.
The survivors deal with the aftermath of the zombie attack, burying their dead and burning the bodies of the zombies. Andrea stays with the body of Amy, apologizing for not spending more time with her, before the body starts to re-animate and she shoots it in the head. As they reassess their situation, Jim reveals he was bitten in the attack, and while Daryl Dixon wants to kill him before he turns, Rick Grimes stops him, telling him they don't kill the living. Daryl points out the hypocrisy after Rick points a gun at him.
Fearing the camp is no longer safe, Rick suggests the group travel to the CDC facility in Druid Hills, Georgia where they may have a cure. Shane does not believe it is safe, and tries to convince Lori, Rick's wife, to change Rick's mind, but she refuses. Shane, still resenting Rick's reappearance disrupting his relationship with Lori, attempts to shoot Rick but stops when Dale spots him. The camp packs up, with Rick radioing Morgan Jones that Atlanta is not safe. Morales and  his family elect to go on their own towards Birmingham, and Rick gives them some of the weapons and supplies. The remainder of the survivors heads to the CDC. En route, as they fix Dale's RV, Jim starts to feel as if he is about to turn and asks to be left behind; the group leaves him under a tree by the road.
At the CDC, a lone scientist, Edwin Jenner, is sampling tissue that is part of the "Wildfire" epidemic that has lasted for over 190 days. During one test, his biohazard protection suit is damaged, and he quickly takes emergency precautions, which destroy the remaining samples he has to study. With no further means to proceed, Jenner contemplates suicide when he sees Rick's group appear outside the sealed building. Rick sees surveillance cameras watching them, and demands they be let in before an approaching horde of zombies reach them. Jenner triggers the external doors, allowing Rick's group in to safety.
"Wildfire" was directed by Ernest Dickerson and written by Glen Mazzara. Actor Noah Emmerich made a guest appearance on the show, portraying the character of Edwin Jenner, one of the few remaining medical personnel dedicated to eradicating the virus. Emmerich's appearance was formally announced in November 2010. Creator Frank Darabont foreshadowed the development of the episode the same month, alongside predecessor "Vatos" and the first season finale, "TS-19". "Before it's all said and done, the opinions and actions of the group are divided." Producer Gale Anne Hurd added, "Stakes are higher, dissension develops, rivalries intensify."Principal photography for "Wildfire" transpired at the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre, which was depicted as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Producers of the show were not allowed to photograph the interior of the actual buildings as part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as a point of reference due to its high security. As opposed to the successive episode, where filming mostly took place inside of the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre, production for "Wildfire" occurred outside of the building. Darabont conceived the idea of exploring into the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, as its headquarters are in close proximity to Atlanta. Although the location was not featured in the comics of the same name, Kirkman was content with the idea, and stated that Darabont was looking to diverge from the comics in lieu of a literal interpretation. "Frank has always maintained that the comic book is a path but we’re not stuck on it. If a story idea comes up, we’ll leave the path for an episode or two, but we’ll always come back to it," he said.
In "Wildfire", Andrea shoots her deceased sister Amy after she slowly resurrected into a walker. Greg Nicotero, the special effect director for The Walking Dead, made Bell wear contact lenses that were less harsh in appearance, as he wanted an emotional connection to resonate between the characters. Bell admitted that she was perplexed on how to approach the scene. "I laid down on the wood chips and just sort of stared at the sky and staring at my sister's face," explained Bell. "All of these thoughts and emotions started flooding in, so I was really lucky." Jim, played by Andrew Rothenberg, also died in this episode, bitten by a walker, and is abandoned. His death is considered the 35th most important death in the series. Adam Minarovich played Ed, Carol's husband and first victim of the series. It is the last appearance of Morales, played by Juan Pareja, and his family (Maddie Lomax and Noah Lomax as Eliza and Louis Morales, his children, and Viviana Chavez as Miranda Morales, his spouse), until his return in the season 8 episode 2 named The Damned.Bear McCreary composed fewer scores in "Wildfire" in comparison to other episode of the series, putting an emphasis on silence, which McCreary felt that the music was more subtle when corresponding with silence. He found that as a result, the music was more effective because he was not adding sound "for the sake of being heard". "When you don't have ambient beds going through your whole score," he said, "it means that just the entrance of music has a lot more power. We really pushed the limits of how long can we go without music."
Ideas relating to guilt recur throughout the episode. Proclaiming "Wildfire" as an installment "full of guilt trips", Dan Snierson of Entertainment Weekly explained that Rick Grimes and Andrea epitomized such themes given their situations. "Andrea feels guilty about 'not being there' for Amy—but is motivated towards a mercy. Shane made Rick feel bad for not being at the camp when the zombies attacked, and Lori didn't do much to make her husband feel better," Snierson stated. "She also told Rick she needs more 'certainties' from him than decisions made from hunch and instinct." A columnist for the same publication, Jeff Jensen stated that "Wildfire" was a commentary on humanity, and added that the episode demonstrated "the need for the group to honor the departed" so they could identify with their humanity.The title of the episode is an homage to Michael Crichton's The Andromeda Strain, which also involves studying a pathogen in an underground laboratory.
Leonard Pierce of The A.V. Club gave it a grade of A- on a F to A scale, calling the episode "a very good one, gripping as hell and maybe my favorite episode of the season so far." He also complimented the directing of Ernest Dickerson, saying he "provided some fantastic shot set-ups and used the 16mm camera better than anyone has so far." Overall, he commented, "The episode provided a lot of emotional drama, and while it was somewhat light on zombie action, it did deliver a huge rush of action thrills at the end. It's stripping down the characters to the point where their relationships are becoming more meaningful, and it's introduced a real wild card at just the right time." Eric Goldman of IGN rated the episode 8 out of 10.
Upon its initial broadcast on November 28, 2010, "Wildfire" was watched by 5.56 million viewers, which increased in viewership from the previous episode. At the time, it was the highest-rated episode of the series in both overall viewership and in the 18-49 demographic.
"Wildfire" at AMC
"Wildfire" at IMDb
The O 9-class submarine consisted of three submarines, built for the Royal Netherlands Navy. Used for patrols in the Dutch home waters. The class comprised O 9, O 10, and O 11. Its diving depth was 60 metres (200 ft).
The ships were built by three different shipyards. O 9 was built by the Koninklijke Maatschappij De Schelde in Flushing. O 10 in Amsterdam at the Nederlandsche Dok en Scheepsbouw Maatschappij and O 11  in Rotterdam at Fijenoord shipyard.
At the time of the German invasion O 11 was under repair in Den Helder. On 14 May 1940 she was scuttled there to prevent her being captured by German forces. However the Germans raised the ship and ordered it repaired. In September 1944 O 11 was sunk in Den Helder to block the entrance of the harbour.
Jalhay, P.C.; Wijn, J.J.A. (1997). Ik nader ongezien! De onderzeeboten van de Koninklijke Marine. Amsterdam: De Bataafsche Leeuw. ISBN 9067074624.
Description of class
Kadijatu Kebbay (born 1986, in Freetown) is a Sierra Leonean model and beauty queen who won Miss University Sierra Leone 2006 beauty contest which took place on 29 July 2006. She won a Mazda saloon car and represented Sierra Leone in South Korea at the Miss World 2006. She is currently enrolled at the Institute of Public Administration & Management in Freetown. She was chosen by a panel of six judges at a jam packed event held at the Family Kingdom Resort at Lumley Beach in Freetown.
https://web.archive.org/web/20071231123239/http://www.missuniversitysl.com/kadijatu.htm
http://news.sl/drwebsite/publish/article_20054130.shtml
Ham (July 1957 – January 19, 1983), also known as Ham the Chimp and Ham the Astrochimp, was a chimpanzee and the first nonhuman hominid (ando so the first Primate) launched into space. On January 31, 1961, Ham flew a suborbital flight on the Mercury-Redstone 2 mission, part of the U.S. space program's Project Mercury. Ham's name is an acronym for the laboratory that prepared him for his historic mission—the Holloman Aerospace Medical Center, located at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico, southwest of Alamogordo. His name was also in honor of the commander of Holloman Aeromedical Laboratory, Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton "Ham" Blackshear.
Ham was born in July 1957 in French Cameroon (now Cameroon), captured by animal trappers and sent to Rare Bird Farm in Miami, Florida. He was purchased by the United States Air Force and brought to Holloman Air Force Base in July 1959.There were originally 40 chimpanzee flight candidates at Holloman. After evaluation, the number of candidates was reduced to 18, then to six, including Ham. Officially, Ham was known as No. 65 before his flight, and only renamed "Ham" upon his successful return to Earth. This was reportedly because officials did not want the bad press that would come from the death of a "named" chimpanzee if the mission were a failure.  Among his handlers, No. 65 had been known as "Chop Chop Chang".
Beginning in July 1959, the two-year-old chimpanzee was trained under the direction of neuroscientist Joseph V. Brady at Holloman Air Force Base Aero Medical Field Laboratory to do simple, timed tasks in response to electric lights and sounds. During his pre-flight training, Ham was taught to push a lever within five seconds of seeing a flashing blue light; failure to do so resulted in an application of a light electric shock to the soles of his feet, while a correct response earned him a banana pellet.The results from his test flight led directly to the mission Alan Shepard made on May 5, 1961, aboard Freedom 7.On January 31, 1961, Ham was secured in a Project Mercury mission designated MR-2 and launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida, on a suborbital flight.
Ham's vital signs and tasks were monitored by sensors and computers on Earth. The capsule suffered a partial loss of pressure during the flight, but Ham's space suit prevented him from suffering any harm. Ham's lever-pushing performance in space was only a fraction of a second slower than on Earth, demonstrating that tasks could be performed in space. Ham's capsule splashed down in the Atlantic Ocean and was recovered by the USS Donner later that day. His only physical injury was a bruised nose. His flight was 16 minutes and 39 seconds long.
On April 5, 1963, Ham was transferred to the National Zoo in Washington, D.C. where he lived for 17 years before joining a small group of captive chimps at North Carolina Zoo on September 25, 1980.After his death on January 19, 1983, Ham's body was given to the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology for necropsy. Following the necropsy, the plan was to have him stuffed and placed on display at the Smithsonian Institution, following Soviet precedent with pioneering space dogs Belka and Strelka. However, this plan was abandoned after a negative public reaction. Ham's remains, minus the skeleton, were buried at the International Space Hall of Fame in Alamogordo, New Mexico. Colonel John Stapp gave the eulogy at the memorial service. The skeleton is held in the collection of the National Museum of Health and Medicine.Ham's backup, Minnie, was the only female chimpanzee trained for the Mercury program. After her role in the Mercury program ended, Minnie became part of an Air Force chimpanzee breeding program, producing nine offspring and helping to raise the offspring of several other members of the chimpanzee colony. She was the last surviving astro-chimpanzee and died at age 41 on March 14, 1998.
Tom Wolfe's 1979 book The Right Stuff depicts Ham's spaceflight, as do the subsequent film and TV adaptations.
The 2001 film Race to Space was a fictionalized version of Ham's story; the chimpanzee in the movie is named "Mac".
In 2007, a French documentary made in association with Animal Planet, Ham—Astrochimp #65, tells the story of Ham as witnessed by Jeff, who took care of Ham until his departure from the Air Force base after the success of the mission. It is also known as Ham: A Chimp into Space / Ham, un chimpanzé dans l'espace.
The 2008 3D animated film Space Chimps follows anthropomorphic chimpanzees and their adventures in space. The primary protagonist is named Ham III, depicted as the grandson of Ham.
In 2008, Bark Hide and Horn, a folk-rock band from Portland, Oregon, released a song titled "Ham the Astrochimp", detailing the journey of Ham from his perspective.
Animals in space
Enos, second chimpanzee in space and only one to orbit the Earth
Félicette, first cat in space
Laika, a Soviet space dog and the first animal to orbit the Earth
Monkeys and apes in space
Yuri Gagarin, first human in space, orbited in April 1961
One Small Step: The Story of the Space Chimps, 2008 documentary
Spaceflight 
Farbman, Melinda; Gaillard, Frye (June 2000) [2000]. Spacechimp: NASA's Ape in Space. Countdown to Space. Berkeley Heights, New Jersey: Enslow Publishers. ISBN 978-0-7660-1478-7. OCLC 42080118. Brief biography of Ham, aimed at children ages 9–12.
Rosenstein, Andrew (July 2008). Flyboy: The All-True Adventures of a NASA Space Chimp. Windham, Maine: Yellow Crane Press. ISBN 978-0-9758825-2-8. A novel about Ham and his trainer.
Burgess, Colin; Dubbs, Chris (January 24, 2007). Animals in Space: From Research Rockets to the Space Shuttle. Springer-Praxis Books. ISBN 978-0-387-36053-9. Book covering the life and flight of Ham, plus other space animals.
Pictures from the NASA Life Sciences Data Archive
Who2 profile: Ham the Chimp
Animal Astronauts
Trailblazer in Space Newsreel/Documentary about Ham at archive.org
In Praise of Ham the Astrochimp in LIFE
The Harrisburg–York–Lebanon, PA Combined Statistical Area (CSA) is made up of six counties in southern Pennsylvania. The United States Office of Management and Budget has recognized the Harrisburg and York areas along with several Metropolitan Statistical Areas to make a Combined Statistical Area, located in southern Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 United States Census the CSA had a population total of 1,219,422, and ranked 3rd most populous in the state of Pennsylvania and 43rd most populous in the United States.
Harrisburg–Carlisle, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area
Cumberland County population 235,406
Dauphin County population 268,100
Perry County population 45,969
Lebanon, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area
Lebanon County population 133,568
Gettysburg, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area
Adams County population 101,407
York–Hanover, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area
York County population 434,972
As of the census of 2000, there were 629,401 people, 248,931 households, and 167,328 families residing within the CSA. The racial makeup of the CSA was 87.78% White, 7.84% African American, 0.14% Native American, 1.53% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.38% from other races, and 1.29% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.11% of the population.
The median income for a household in the CSA was $42,740, and the median income for a family was $51,071. Males had a median income of $35,660 versus $26,116 for females. The per capita income for the CSA was $21,017.
Pennsylvania metropolitan areas
List of Metropolitan Statistical Areas
List of Combined Statistical Areas
The Go is an American rock band from Detroit, Michigan. Founded in 1996, the group released seven studio albums before their indefinite hiatus in 2013.
The Go was established in Detroit in 1996 by Bobby Harlow, John Krautner, and Marc Fellis. Mentored by Los Angeles producer Kim Fowley, the band signed a record deal with Sub Pop in 1998. Their first album, Whatcha Doin’ featured Dave Buick on bass and Jack White on guitar. The album was produced by Outrageous Cherry frontman Matthew Smith and supported with three national tours. After Whatcha Doin’, the band parted ways with White, returning to the studio in 2000 to record their sophomore album Free Electricity with Dion Fischer on lead guitar, John Olson (of Wolf Eyes) on saxophone, and Cary Loren (of Destroy All Monsters) on tamboura. The sound of Free Electricity significantly differed from its predecessor and the album was ultimately shelved by Sub Pop.
Another round of personnel changes saw the departure of Buick and Fischer along with the addition of guitarist Kenny Tudrick. Under the management of Howard Hertz, the band signed with Lizard King Records. The Go's self-titled third album was recorded in the UK, released in 2003 and bolstered with an opening slot on the White Stripes’ "Elephant" tour. With little promotion for The Go in the United States, the band parted ways with Lizard King Records and returned to Detroit with new guitarist, James McConnell.
While in Detroit, The Go received word that Welsh singer Adele Nozedar had taken an interest in the band, securing funding for a new album. With Harlow serving as producer, The Go released Howl On The Haunted Beat You Ride in 2007 to critical acclaim. It won Album of the Year at the Detroit Music Awards and received the approval of the Allen Ginsberg Foundation for Harlow's musical interpretation of the poem “Refrain”. The Go promoted the release with extensive American tours supporting Guided by Voices, and were invited to perform at the Peace Jam Foundation Conference in Denver in 2008. The conference earned the band a private audience with the 14th Dalai Lama. After further performances, a follow-up double LP was released jointly on Bellyache Records. The band also began collaborating with Don Was, recording a song produced by Was and engineered by longtime friend Steve King.
By 2007, The Go had begun working with Burger Records, whose owners Sean Bohrman and Lee Rickard had long been fans of the band. In 2010, Burger released an LP by the Go's alternate project, Conspiracy Of Owls, which featured songwriters Harlow, Krautner, and Fellis, along with a live lineup of fellow Detroit musicians (Steve Nawara, Johnny Lzr, and “Magic” Jake Culkowski). Singer Robert Pollard of Guided By Voices provided artwork for the LP as well as inspiration for the name of the band. After supporting the Conspiracy of Owls record with shows at SXSW, Harlow and Culkowski formed a new band, Magic Jake & The Power Crystals, in which they shared songwriting duties.
In 2012, Burger Records released a five-cassette box set of previously unheard and alternate Go tracks spanning 1996-2007. The Go followed this up with Fiesta. Delivered on the first day of the new Mayan age (December 21, 2012), Fiesta was released on limited edition colored vinyl on Burger Records (USA) and on black vinyl with alternate artwork by Mauvaise Foi Records (France).
Bobby Harlow has produced albums for Burger Records, Lizard King, Sub Pop, Cass Records, Italy Records, and Bellyache Records since 2003. He is currently a freelance producer for labels such as Sire Records. Harlow's production work includes:
John Krautner currently writes, records, and performs with Detroit group the John Krautner Band.
In addition to The Go, Marc Fellis has toured and recorded with Karen Elson, appearing on The David Letterman Show in 2010.In 2016 The Go were included in Third Man Records’ Live At The Gold Dollar Vault package, which released a live LP from the band’s 1999 lineup featuring Jack White. The Go were also featured on Iggy Pop’s satellite radio show.
The Go’s music has been included in commercials, television, and films, including My Name Is Earl, Entourage, and The Hills Have Eyes.
Band Website
BBC's review of Howl On The Haunted Beat You Ride
Common names: Barbour's montane pitviper., Barbour's pit viper.Mixcoatlus barbouri is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Mexico. No subspecies are currently recognized.
The specific name, barbouri, is in honor of American herpetologist Thomas Barbour.
Adults of M. barbouri generally grow to 30–40 cm (11¾-15¾ inches) in total length (including tail), with a maximum recorded total length of 51.0 cm (20 in). The species is terrestrial and moderately stout.The color pattern consists of a blackish ground color, overlaid with a vague dorsal zig-zag stripe that extends down the flanks, which looks like a series of triangular markings. The skin between the scales is rust-colored, as are the sides of the head.
Mixcoatlus barbouri is found in the highlands of the Sierra Madre del Sur in the state of Guerrero, Mexico.
The type locality given is "Omilteme [or Omiltemi], Guerrero, Mexico".
The preferred habitats of M. barbouri are mountain areas at some 9,000 feet (2,740 m) elevation in rocky pine forests and clearings with bunch grass.
The species M. barbouri is classified as Endangered (EN) on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species with the following criteria: B1ab(iii) (v3.1, 2001). A species is listed as such when the best available evidence indicates that the geographic range, in the form of extent of occurrence, is estimated to be less than 5,000 km² (1,930 mi²), estimates indicate the population is severely fragmented or known to exist at no more than five locations, and a continuing decline has been observed, inferred or projected in the area, extent and/or quality of habitat. It is therefore considered to be facing a very high risk of extinction in the wild. The population trend is down. Year assessed: 2007.
Dunn ER (1919). "Two New Crotaline Snakes from Western Mexico". Proceedings of the Biological Society of Washington 32: 213-216. (Lachesis barbouri, new species, pp. 213–214).
Ernest I (German: Ernst Anton Karl Ludwig; 2 January 1784 – 29 January 1844) was the last sovereign duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld (as Ernest III) and, from 1826, the first sovereign duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (as Ernest I). He was the father of Albert, Prince Consort, who was the husband of Queen Victoria. Ernest fought against Napoleon Bonaparte, and through construction projects and the establishment of a court theatre, he left a strong imprint on his residence town, Coburg.
Ernest was the eldest son of Francis, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, and Countess Augusta of Reuss-Ebersdorf. His youngest brother, Leopold Georg Christian Frederick, was later elected the first King of the Belgians.
On 10 May 1803, aged 19, Ernest was proclaimed an adult because his father had become gravely ill, and he was required to take part in the government of the duchy. When his father died in 1806, he succeeded in the duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld as Ernest III. However, he could not immediately take over the formal government of his lands, because the duchy was occupied by Napoleonic troops and was under French administration. The following year, after the Peace of Tilsit (1807), the duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was reunited (having previously been dissolved) and restored to Ernest. This occurred through Russian pressure, since his sister Juliane was married to the brother of the Russian Tsar.
Ernest married Princess Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg in Gotha on 3 July 1817. They had two children:
Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (21 June 1818 – 22 August 1893), who married Princess Alexandrine of Baden on 3 May 1842.
Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (26 August 1819 – 14 December 1861), who married Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom on 10 February 1840. They had nine children.The marriage was unhappy because both husband and wife were promiscuous. As the biographer Lytton Strachey put it: "The ducal court was not noted for the strictness of its morals; the Duke was a man of gallantry, and the Duchess followed her husband's example. There were scandals: one of the Court Chamberlains, a charming and cultivated man of Jewish extraction, was talked of; at last there was a separation, followed by a divorce." Ernest and Louise were separated in 1824 and were officially divorced on 31 March 1826. As heirs to Coburg, the children remained with their father. Louise died in 1831.
In Coburg on 23 December 1832, Ernest married his niece Duchess Marie of Württemberg, the daughter of his sister Antoinette. They had no children. This marriage made Marie both Prince Albert's first cousin and his stepmother.
Ernest had three illegitimate children:
Berta Ernestine von Schauenstein (26 January 1817 – Coburg, 15 August 1896), born to Sophie Fermepin de Marteaux. She married her first cousin Eduard Edgar Schmidt-Löwe von Löwenfels, the illegitimate son of her father's sister, Juliane.
Ernst Albert and Robert Ferdinand, twins born in 1838 to Margaretha Braun. They were created Freiherren von Bruneck in 1856.
After 1813, Ernest was a Prussian general and participated in military actions against Napoleon. He fought in the battles of Lützen and Leipzig (1813), and drew in 1814 into the French fortress of Mainz. After the battle of Leipzig, he commanded the 5. Armeekorps.After the defeat of Napoleon in the Battle of Waterloo, the Congress of Vienna on 9 June 1815 gave him an area of 450 square kilometres with 25,000 inhabitants around the town of St. Wendel. Its area was somewhat augmented by the second Treaty of Paris. In 1816, this estate received the name of Principality of Lichtenberg. Ernest sold it to Prussia in 1834.In 1825, Frederick IV, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg, who was the uncle of Ernest's first wife Louise, died without an heir. This resulted in a rearrangement of the Ernestine duchies. It was only as a member of the Ernestine dynasty (and not as Louise's husband) that Ernest had a claim on the late duke's estates. However, he was at that time in the process of divorcing Louise, and the other branches used this as a leverage to drive a better bargain for themselves by insisting that he should not inherit Gotha. They reached a compromise on 12 November 1826: Ernest received Gotha, but had to cede Saalfeld to Saxe-Meiningen. He subsequently became "Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha". Although he had given a constitution to Coburg in 1821, he did not interfere in the system of government in Gotha.At Coburg, Ernest was responsible for various construction projects, including the establishment of the Hoftheater in its new building. The Schlossplatz as it appears today is largely due to work under his rule. He is chiefly remembered for the economic, educational and constitutional development of his territories, and for the significant international position attained by the house of Coburg.
Ernest died on 29 January 1844 and was initially buried in the Morizkirche but later reinterred in the newly built mausoleum in Friedhof am Glockenberg.
He received the following awards:
August Beck: Ernst I.: Herzog Ernst Anton Karl Ludwig von Sachsen-Koburg-Gotha. In: Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie (ADB). Band 6, Duncker & Humblot, Leipzig 1877, p. 313–317.
Carl-Christian Dressel: Die Entwicklung von Verfassung und Verwaltung in Sachsen-Coburg 1800–1826 im Vergleich. Duncker & Humblot Berlin 2007, ISBN 978-3-428-12003-1.
Friedrich Knorr: Ernst I., Herzog von Sachsen-Coburg-Saalfeld. In: Neue Deutsche Biographie (NDB). Band 4, Duncker & Humblot, Berlin 1959, ISBN 3-428-00185-0, pp. 620.
Heide Schulz: Freue Dich, Coburg. Die Ode H. C. A. Eichstädts zum Royal Wedding 1840, in: Coburger Geschichtsblätter 20, 2012, p. 25–54, ISSN 0947-0336.
A military attaché is a military expert who is attached to a diplomatic mission, often an embassy. This post is normally filled by a high-ranking military officer who retains their commission while serving in an embassy. Opportunities sometimes arise for service in the field with military forces of another sovereign state.
An early example, General Edward Stopford Claremont, served as the first British military attaché (at first described as "military commissioner") based in Paris for 25 years from 1856 to 1881. Though based in the embassy, he was attached to the French army command during the Crimean War of 1853-1856 and later campaigns.
The functions of a military attaché are illustrated by actions of U.S. military attachés in Japan around the time of the Russo-Japanese war of 1904–1905. A series of military officers had been assigned to the American diplomatic mission in Tokyo since 1901, when the U.S. and Japan were co-operating closely in response to the Boxer Rebellion of 1899-1901 in China.  The military attaché advised the United States Ambassador to Japan on military matters, acted as a liaison between United States Army and the Imperial General Headquarters, and gathered and disseminated  intelligence. The military attaché's office in Tokyo usually had two assistants and a number of "language officers" who were assigned specifically to learn Japanese while attached to Imperial Japanese Army regiments as  observers. These "language officers" translated training and technical manuals and reported on conditions in Japanese military units.During the Russo-Japanese War (1904–1905),  military attachés from many Western military organizations served as observers with the land and naval forces of Russia and of Japan.  The United States Army detailed eight officers to serve as military attachés with opposing forces in the field; and all served from the start of hostilities in 1904 through the signing of the peace protocols in September 1905. After the war, the reports of British officers attached to the Japanese forces in the field were combined and published in four volumes.
During this conflict, some attachés served primarily in Manchuria, and others served primarily in Tokyo. Some, like Italian naval officer Ernesto Burzagli, saw service both at sea and in Tokyo.
The agreed conditions that allow military attachés to gather information can be misunderstood with fatal results. United States military attaché Maj. Arthur D. Nicholson was killed March 24, 1985, while photographing a military installation in East Germany 160 kilometres (100 mi) northwest of Berlin. He was reportedly observing from a point not marked off-limits, though near a place that was. According to Sgt. Jessie Schatz, Nicholson's driver, there were no warning shots and the Soviets refused to give Nicholson medical attention for nearly an hour. This activity had been agreed to by the United States and the Soviet Union. Such agreements stemmed from negotiations between United States and Soviet commanders in Germany back in 1947. Soviet liaison-teams were conducting similar missions in West Germany. These tours had evolved into a legalized form of intelligence-gathering, usually accepted by both sides. The killing became a diplomatic incident. In retaliation, the United States expelled Soviet military attaché Stanislav Gromov, who was apparently selected for his effectiveness in collecting intelligence on the United States for the Soviet Union from his post in Washington.
Air attaché
Ambassador
Arms industry
Defense Attaché System (US)
Defence diplomacy
Military attachés and observers in the Russo-Japanese War
Military attachés and war correspondents in the First World War
Science attaché
Service in Israel Medal
United Nations Military Observer
Cullen, Glen T. (1999). "Preparing for battle: Learning Lessons in the US Army during World War I." U.S. Army Command and General Staff College (CGSC), Combined Arms Research Library.
_____, Office of the Chief of Staff, Second (military) Information Division. (1906). Reports  of the Military Observers attached to the Armies in Manchuria during the Russo-Japanese War, Vol. I; (1907). Vol. II. Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office.
Sisemore, James D. (2003). "The Russo-Japanese War, Lessons Not Learned." CGSC.
_____. (1907). The Russo-Japanese War, Reports from British Officers Attached to the Japanese Forces in the Field, Vol. I; (1908).  Vol. II.  London: General Staff.
Dionisio de Avila, O. de M. (died 1552) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Santorini (1539–1552).
Dionisio de Avilawas ordained a priest in the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy.
On 29 Oct 1539, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul III as Bishop of Santorini.
He served as Bishop of Santorini until his death in 1552.
Eugen Walter Krüger (23 March 1892 – 11 July 1973) was a German general during World War II who commanded the LVIII Panzer Corps. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Iron Cross (1914) 2nd Class (9 October 1914) & 1st Class (29 July 1916)
Knight's Cross of the Military Order of St. Henry (29 April 1918)
Clasp to the Iron Cross (1939) 2nd Class (12 May 1940) & 1st Class (13 May 1940)
German Cross in Gold on 27 August 1942 as Generalmajor and commander of 1. Panzer-Division
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
Knight's Cross on 15 July 1941 as Generalmajor and commander of 1. Schützen-Brigade
373rd Oak Leaves on 5 June 1944 as Generalleutnant and commander of 1. Panzer-Division
During the 1999–2000 English football season, Hartlepool United Football Club competed in the Football League Third Division where they finished in 7th position on 72 points and qualified for the play-offs but lost to local rivals Darlington in the semi-final.
As of End of Season.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Appearances for competitive matches only
Hartlepool United 1999–2000 at soccerbase.com (use drop down list to select relevant season)
1999–2000 in English football
The Brigadier Gerard Stakes is a Group 3 flat horse race in Great Britain open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Sandown Park over a distance of 1 mile 1 furlong and 209 yards (2,002 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late May or early June.
The event was established in 1953, and it was originally called the Coronation Stakes. Its title commemorated the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II.
The race was renamed the Brigadier Gerard Stakes in 1973. This was in honour of Brigadier Gerard, a recently retired champion racehorse whose victories included the Westbury Stakes (later re-named the Gordon Richards Stakes) and the Eclipse Stakes at Sandown Park. The 2021 race was run in memory of Joe Mercer, who died the week before the race and who rode Brigadier Gerard in all his races.
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
Paris-Turf:
"1979"., "1982"., "1983"., "1984"., "1985"., "1986"., "1987".
Racing Post:
1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997
1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007
2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017
2018, 2019, 2020, 2021galopp-sieger.de – Brigadier Gerard Stakes (ex Coronation Stakes).
ifhaonline.org – International Federation of Horseracing Authorities – Brigadier Gerard Stakes (2019).
pedigreequery.com – Brigadier Gerard Stakes – Sandown Park.
Abelson, Edward; John Tyrrel (1993). The Breedon Book of Horse Racing Records. Breedon Books. pp. 48–49. ISBN 1-873626-15-0.
Eshnunna (modern Tell Asmar in Diyala Governorate, Iraq) was an ancient Sumerian (and later Akkadian) city and city-state in central Mesopotamia. Although situated in the Diyala Valley north-west of Sumer proper, the city nonetheless belonged securely within the Sumerian cultural milieu.
The tutelary deity of the city was Tishpak (Tišpak).
Occupied since the Jemdet Nasr period around 3000 BCE, Eshnunna was a major city during the Early Dynastic period of Mesopotamia, beginning with the rise of the Akkadian Empire. The first king of the city was a governor under the Akkadian Empire named Ituria. Ituria built a palace and a temple dedicated to Shu-Sin. The next king was Shu-ija, who declared independence from Akkad in 2026 BCE. Shu-ija's successors used the title of governor, not king, as the title of king of the city belonged to Tishpak, the city's god.
In 2010 BCE, King Nurahum I of Eshnunna and the city of Isin won a battle against the city of Subartu.  The following kings, named Kirikiri and Bilalamaboth, had Elamite names, suggesting that Eshnunna retained good relationships with the Elamites, although it seems unlikely they were conquered by them. The city was later sacked, possibly by Anum-Muttabbil of Der. As such, little is known about its next kings. By 1870 BCE, Eshnunna was revived. This could have occurred due to the decline of the cities of Isin and Larsa.During the years in between 1862 and 1818 BCE, King Ipiqadad II conquered the cities of Nerebtum and Dur-Rimush. From 1830-1815 BCE, king Naramsin expanded Eshnunna's territory to Babylon, Ekallatum, and Ashur. In 1780 BCE the kingdom of Assyria, led by Shamshi-Adad I, attacked Eshnunna and reconquered the cities of Nerebtum and Shaduppum. These cities were later conquered by Eshnunna in 1776 BCE following Shamshi-Adad's death. In 1764 BCE, King Silli-Sin formed a coalition with Mari to attack Babylon, but this failed. Following Eshnunna's capture by Babylon in 1762 BCE, the city suffered a great flood. During 1741-1736 BCE Eshnunna's governor Anni sided with a king of Larsa in a rebellion against Babylon. Anni was captured and executed by the Babylonians, and the city itself was destroyed by Hammurabi.
Because of its promise of control over lucrative trade routes, Eshnunna could function somewhat as a gateway between Mesopotamian and Elamite culture. The trade routes gave it access to many exotic, sought-after goods such as horses from the north, copper, tin, and other metals and precious stones. In a grave in Eshnunna, a pendant made of copal from Zanzibar was found. A small number of seals and beads from the Indus Valley Civilization were also found.
The remains of the ancient city are now preserved in the tell, or archaeological settlement mound, of Tell Asmar, some 38 km northeast of Baghdad and 15 km in a straight line east of Baqubah. It was first located by Henri Pognon in 1892 but he neglected to report the location before he died in 1921. It was refound and excavated in six seasons between 1930 and 1936 by an Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago team led by Henri Frankfort with Thorkild Jacobsen and Seton Lloyd. The expedition's field secretary was Mary Chubb.Despite the length of time since the excavations at Tell Asmar, the work of examining and publishing the remaining finds from that dig continues to this day. 
These finds include roughly 1,500 cuneiform tablets.In the late 1990s, Iraqi archaeologists worked at Tell Asmar. The results from that excavation have not yet been published.
The Laws of Eshnunna consist of two tablets, found at Shaduppum (Tell Harmal) and a fragment found at Tell Haddad, the ancient Mê-Turan.  They were written sometime around the reign of king Dadusha of Eshnunna and appear to not be official copies. When the actual laws were composed is unknown. They are similar to the Code of Hammurabi.
During the Early Dynastic period, the Abu Temple at Tell Asmar (Eshnunna) went through a number of phases. This included the Early Dynastic Archaic Shrine, Square Temple, and Single-Shrine phases of construction. They, along with sculpture found there, helped form the basis for the three part archaeological separation of the Early Dynastic period into ED I, ED II, and ED III for the ancient Near East. A cache of 12 gypsum temple sculptures, in a geometric style, were found in the Square Temple; these are known as the Tell Asmar Hoard. They are some of the best known examples of ancient Near East sculpture. The group, now split up, show gods, priests and donor worshippers at different sizes, but all in the same highly simplified style. All have greatly enlarged inlaid eyes, but the tallest figure, the main cult image depicting the local god, has enormous eyes that give it a "fierce power".
List of cities of the ancient Near East
Khafajah
Tell Ishchali
Short chronology
Mari (ally)
Andarig (ally)
Chubb, Mary (1999). City In the Sand (2nd ed.). Libri. ISBN 1-901965-02-3.
Clemens Reichel, Centre and Periphery—the Role of the ‘Palace of the Rulers’ at Tell Asmar in the History of Ešnunna (2,100 –1,750 BCE), Journal of the Canadian Society for Mesopotamian Studies, 2018
[11] R. M. Whiting Jr., "Old Babylonian Letters from Tell Asmar", Assyriological Studies 22, Oriental Institute, 1987
[12] I.J. Gelb, "Sargonic Texts from the Diyala Region", Materials for the Assyrian Dictionary, vol. 1, Chicago, 1961
Maria deJong Ellis, "Notes on the Chronology of the Later Eshnunna Dynasty", Journal of Cuneiform Studies, vol. 37, no. 1, pp. 61–85, 1985
I. J. Gelb, "A Tablet of Unusual Type from Tell Asmar", Journal of Near Eastern Studies, vol. 1, no. 2, pp. 219–226, 1942
Romano, Licia, "Who was Worshipped in the Abu Temple at Tell Asmar?", KASKAL 7, pp. 51–65, 2010
[13] Pinhas Delougaz, "Pottery from the Diyala Region", Oriental Institute Publications 63, Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1952, ISBN 0-226-14233-7
[14] Pinhas Delougaz, Harold D. Hill, and Seton Lloyd, "Private Houses and Graves in the Diyala Region", Oriental Institute Publications 88, Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1967
[15] Pinhas Delougaz and Seton Lloyd with chapters by Henri Frankfort and Thorkild Jacobsen, "Pre-Sargonid Temples in the Diyala Region", Oriental Institute Publications 58, Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1942
The Diyala Project at the University of Chicago
Tell Asmar Statue at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago
West Langton is a civil parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England.  The main settlement in the parish is Langton Hall (not to be confused with another Langton Hall, in Langton, North Yorkshire.)
West Langton is near Kibworth and Market Harborough, and the parish according to the 2001 census had a population of 128.
East Langton / Church Langton
 Media related to West Langton at Wikimedia Commons
Amberley Museum is an open-air industrial heritage museum at Amberley, near Arundel in West Sussex, England. The museum is owned and operated by Amberley Museum and Heritage Centre, a not-for-profit company and registered charity, and has the support of an active Friends organisation. The items in the Museums collection are held by The Amberley Museum TrustThe museum was founded in 1978 by the Southern Industrial History Centre Trust and has previously been known as the Amberley Working Museum, Amberley Chalk Pits Museum, and Amberley Museum and Heritage Centre. It is located within historic chalk quarries. Chalk was extracted and processed for lime on site for more than 100 years, and the museum still houses a number of its original lime kilns. In addition, holdings and exhibitions at the museum cover a diversity of industrial and local heritage collections, including narrow gauge railways, local bus services, and a multitude of light and rural industrial subjects.
The open-air museum is 36-acre (146,000 m2), located next to Amberley railway station and dedicated to the industrial heritage of South East England and with a special interest in aspects of the history of communications and transport.The museum is sited in a former chalk quarry where the chalk was converted into lime for use in mortar and cement, and remaining on site are several kilns, including a De Witt set, and associated buildings including offices, bagging shed and locomotive shed.
Also to be seen is the quarry tunnel, which appeared as Mainstrike Mine in the James Bond film A View to a Kill. Additional buildings have been relocated or replicated on the site and exhibition halls added. The natural history and geology of the site can be seen from a nature trail.
The site hosts a range and exhibitions and collections not all of which are opened every day.
Connected Earth telecommunications exhibition
Electricity Hall
Machine Shop
Wheelwright's Shop, from Horsham
Vintage Wireless and Communications exhibition and Amateur radio station
Ockenden's Ironmonger's shop, from Littlehampton
Timber yard and Steam crane
Village Garage, a reconstructed 1930s automobile repair shop
Paviors Hall of Road Making, located in a 19th-century iron-framed industrial building relocated from Horsham
Cycle Exhibition
Rural telephone exchange, incorporating 1940s equipment from Coolham
Arundel Gin Building, housing a plumbing display
Brickyard drying shed, late 19th century, from Petersfield, Hampshire
Fairmile Café, a 1930s roadside.
Dover Cottage Pump House, from Arundel, and water pumping display
Stationary engine shed, and Municipal engine house from Littlehampton
Fire Station, reproduction of a typical 1950s building completed in 2008 and now housing several roadworthy historic fire engines and an impressive collection of displays and exhibits primarily relating to the history of fire-fighting in Sussex.
Toll bridge hut, from Littlehampton swing bridge
Working Printing Workshop
Cobbler's shop, with equipment from Bognor Regis
Hall of Tools, with associated demonstrations by the Tools and Trades History Society
Crafts demonstrated on site include woodturning, broom-making, walking stick-making and the work of the blacksmith and potters. Special events are held regularly.
The Amberley Museum Railway is a 2 ft (610 mm) narrow gauge railway and railway exhibition hall devoted to British industrial narrow gauge railways. There are 45 locomotives, with 8 being steam powered, 29 internal combustion and 4 battery electric, and around 80 items of rolling stock, chiefly goods wagons, based largely on the collection of the former Brockham Museum (relocated here in 1982). There is special interest in railway material from the Dorking Greystone Lime Company and also from the Groudle Glen Railway in the Isle of Man. Of the 8 steam locos, two are currently operational.
The collection completed by a reconstructed 1920s Southdown Bus garage.  The depot houses working buses chiefly from the local operator Southdown Motor Services based on the collection of the Southdown Omnibus TrustOn open days the Southdown Bus collection operates bus rides throughout the day. The collection of vehicles is listed below.
Operational buses1914 Worthing Motor Services/Southdown Tilling Stevens open-top 41-seater IB 552. (Restricted use because the bus is fragile)
1922 Southdown Leyland N Type open-top 51-seater CD 5125.
1927 Southdown Dennis 30 cwt single-deck UF 1517.
1928 Sunderland Corporation Leyland Lion LT1 single-deck BR 7132 (Privately Owned).
1930 Southdown Tilling Stevens B10 A2 single-deck 31-seater UF 6805.
1931 Southdown Leyland Titan TD1 double-deck 50-seater UF 6473.
1931 Southdown Leyland Titan TD1 double-deck 50-seater UF 7428.
1937 Southdown Leyland Cub single-deck 24-seater ECD 524.
Replica 1938 Shelvoke and Drewry Worthing Tramocar BP9822 single-deck. (Small bus generally used at quiet times)Buses undergoing repair or restoration1923 Southdown Tilling Stevens single-deck CD 4867. (Chassis only, planned to be fitted with a raked charabanc-type body)
Arundel Museum and Heritage Centre
List of British railway museums
British narrow gauge railways
Official website
Photographs and Description
Museum photo gallery, mostly buses and trains
This is a list of listed buildings in the parish of Stair in East Ayrshire, Scotland.
The scheme for classifying buildings in Scotland is:
Category A: "buildings of national or international importance, either architectural or historic; or fine, little-altered examples of some particular period, style or building type."
Category B: "buildings of regional or more than local importance; or major examples of some particular period, style or building type, which may have been altered."
Category C: "buildings of local importance; lesser examples of any period, style, or building type, as originally constructed or moderately altered; and simple traditional buildings which group well with other listed buildings."In March 2016 there were 47,288 listed buildings in Scotland. Of these, 8% were Category A, and 50% were Category B, with the remaining 42% being Category C.
List of listed buildings in East Ayrshire
All entries, addresses and coordinates are based on data from Historic Scotland. This data falls under the Open Government Licence
Seren Gibson (born 16 January 1988 in Ruthin, Denbighshire, Wales) is a British former glamour model. She has appeared topless and nude in photo spreads for several men's magazines and on Page 3 of the UK newspaper Daily Star. She featured in the British TV series My Crazy Media Life.
Gibson enrolled in media studies at Goldsmiths College, University of London. Tuition and clothing expenditures sent her into debt, however, which proved to be the catalyst for her modelling career.In 2007, Channel Four documented Gibson's day-to-day activities as an aspiring model in an episode of the children's educational documentary TV series My Crazy Media Life. The programme showed her living with her parents and younger brother in rural North Wales, and revealed that she is known as "Hâf" (pronounced "Harv") to her friends and family. "Seren Hâf" is Welsh for "Summer Star".
Gibson's Myspace blog is called Accidental Glamour Model, in which she explains why she turned to modelling.By the end of 2007, Gibson had been featured in the Daily Star tabloid newspaper as a Page 3 girl; and in the lads' magazines Maxim and Zoo Weekly. As of 2013, she had appeared on the cover of Front six times (December 2007, May 2008, March 2009, January 2010, June 2010 and October 2012). She also appeared in adverts for Front inside the magazine in Autumn 2012.
In 2012 she starred in the music video for the Hadouken! song "Bad Signal", released on 5 August that year.
HâfGibson on Instagram
The Puget Sound Navy Museum is an official naval museum located in Bremerton, Washington, United States. The museum is one of the 10 Navy museums that are operated by the Naval History & Heritage Command. It is located near the Washington State Ferries terminal, the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, and the Bremerton Annex of Naval Base Kitsap. According to the museum website, its mission is "collecting, preserving, and interpreting the naval heritage of the Pacific Northwest for the benefit of the U.S. Navy and general public."
Explore the naval history of the region through exhibits about the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard. There's a section devoted towards the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis. Outside the museum, the sail of the Sturgeon class USS Parche (SSN-683) is on display. The museum offers a gift shop, research library, and children's area.
The Puget Sound Navy Museum held a ribbon-cutting ceremony to officially open the doors of the museum after being moved to its new location on the Bremerton waterfront Aug. 24. The 111-year-old, historic Building 50 from the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard (PSNS) was moved and refurbished to house the museums’ exhibits. This was the museum's fifth move in 52 years of operation.
See: U.S. Navy Museum and U.S. Navy Museum#Other Navy museums
Puget Sound Navy Museum official website
Puget Sound Navy Museum Facebook Account
Hampton Roads Naval Museum official site
Naval History & Heritage Command
Naval Historical Foundation
National Museum of the U.S. Navy
Great Lakes Naval Museum
National Naval Aviation Museum
Naval Museum of Armament and Technology
Naval Undersea Museum
Naval War College Museum
Patuxent River Naval Air Museum
U.S. Navy Seabee Museum
Submarine Force Library & Museum
U.S. Naval Academy Museum
U.S. Navy Supply Corps Museum
Navy Art Collection
USS Constitution "Old Ironsides"
USS Parche Association
Morton Isaac Kamien (August 15, 1938 – November 18, 2011) was an American economist notable for his contributions in industrial organization and mathematical economics. He was a professor of entrepreneurship at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management from 1970 to 2007.Born to Jewish parents in Poland, Kamien and his family escaped the Warsaw Ghetto before it was razed in 1944. Together with his father, Kamien moved to Munich, Bavaria, and finally immigrated to the United States in 1947, arriving in New York City. As his father struggled to regain a footing, Morton Kamien stayed in an orphanage in Far Rockaway, Queens.Having financed his studies by selling clothing, Kamien graduated from City College of New York in 1960, and then pursued a PhD in economics from Purdue University, where Nancy Schwartz and Hugo F. Sonnenschein were among his classmates. After his PhD in 1964, he first joined faculty at Carnegie Mellon University, before moving to Northwestern where he stayed until his retirement in 2007.Kamien also acted as an expert witness in several high-profile antitrust cases, including Conwood vs. U.S. Tobacco and American Express vs. Visa/Mastercard, leading to the largest antitrust jury award ($1.05 billion) and antitrust settlement ($4.1 billion) to date.
Morton Kamien at Find a Grave
Bruno Hirata Kaimoti (born March 13, 1988) is a Brazilian baseball catcher. He plays for the Toshiba club in the Japanese Industrial League. He represented Brazil at the 2008 Americas Baseball Cup and the 2013 World Baseball Classic.
Baseball America
This is a list of mosques in Benin. 
Religion in Benin
Lists of mosques
A Hundred Days Off is the sixth album by Underworld. The album produced two UK Singles Chart entries: "Two Months Off", which reached no. 12 and "Dinosaur Adventure 3D", which reached no. 34. Although this was the first album since Darren Emerson's departure from the group in 2001, the album is not a huge stylistic makeover as the main focus of the band is still trance, techno and house, although without the thumping beats that defined their previous longplayer Beaucoup Fish. Instead, the album explores more of an ambient and experimental music style.
A Hundred Days Off received generally positive reviews from music critics. It has a score of 71/100 on Metacritic based on 18 reviews indicating as "generally favorable reviews". NME gave the album 8/10 describing it as "Their best album since their Dubnobasswithmyheadman debut, Karl and Rick have pulled off a comeback in fine style and laid some demons to rest" and also stating that "Underworld prove that you're only as old as the technology you use". Rolling Stone gave the album 3 out of 5 stars saying that "The beauty of A Hundred Days Off is that it pumps and churns so suggestively; it somehow evokes the blues of the otherwise successful modern man, who goes out every night and dances alone in his head". Uncut gave the album 4 out of 5 stars saying it is "A very fine album--Underworld don't make any other kind...a beautiful and baffling enigma."
In the Spring of 2011, an alternate version of the album was distributed by a fan who was previously unaware that it was not widely heard. This version of the album was called "Ansum", and was apparently an early un-mastered cut of the album burned onto a CD-R for internal use at V2. Most of the tracks are very similar, if not identical, to the final album version; however, the track order is changed; "Little Speaker" is omitted; "Mo Move" is doubled in length and shares its second half with a re-worked version of the b-side "Ansum";  "Twist" contains an extended drum outro; and "Ballet Lane" and "Trim" contain minor percussion differences.
All music is composed by Underworld.
Nicholas Wadada Wakiro (born 27 July 1994) is a Ugandan professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Azam F.C. of Tanzania and the Uganda national team.
Wadada began playing youth football at the age of 13 with Lukuli United in 2007. He later joined St. Mary's Kitende in 2010 and in the same year he joined Uganda Super League club Bunamwaya FC (now Vipers SC).
Wadada joined Bunamwaya FC in 2010 at 16 years he was a backup player in the right-back position in few games that season.
In the 2011–12 season Wadada became a regular player and was part of the team that finished runners-up in the 2011–12 Uganda Super League.
In 2012–13 Wadada played 20 league games while Bunamwaya finished third in the Uganda Premier League.
In 2013–14 season his Club Bunamwaya FC changed its name to Vipers SC. Wadada maintained his first place in the team despite of Vipers SC finishing in fourth position that season. He started in 32 games and scored 3 goals.
In 2014–15 Wadada at only 20 years he became a key player and played a very big role in winning the Uganda Premier League. He played 30 games and scored 4 goals.
In 2015–16 Wadada became captain of Vipers SC. He won the Uganda Cup that season after defeating Onduparaka FC in the final. He played 34 games and scored 2 goals.
In 2016–17, Wadada captained Vipers SC team that played in the CAF Confederation Cup against Platinum Stars of South Africa. His club finished third in the Premier League. He played 35 games and netted 2 goals.
2017–18, Wadada lifted the Premier league title with Vipers SC, his second trophy as captain. he played 36 games and finished runners-up in the Uganda Cup.
In June 2018 Wadada signed a contract with Tanzanian club Azam F.C.
Nicolas Wadada received  his first call-up to the Uganda U20 team (The Hippos) in 2012 during the African U20 qualifiers. He played two games against Mozambique. In the same tournament he also played in the 3–1 win against Ghana in Kampala in the first leg. He also started in the return leg in Ghana.
In 2013, he played two games for the Uganda U23 team.
Wadada received his first call on the Senior team from the Bobby Williamson the Cranes coach in 2013. He was part of the Cranes team that won the 2013 CECAFA Championship.
Wadada was among the 23 players that made it to the AFCON 2017 in Gabon. He started one game and came as a substitute in the match against Egypt.
He played all the six games in the 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Egypt, Ghana and Republic of the Congo.Wadada scored in a match against Niger on 2 June 2018 during the Three Nation Tournament in Niamey.
As of matches played on 15 August 2019
Vipers SC
Uganda Premier League: 2014–15, 2017–18
Uganda Cup: 2015; runners-up 2013, 2018
Super Cup: 2016
CECAFA: 2013, 2016
Ray Franz is a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives first elected in November 2010 and re-elected in 2012. He was term-limited in 2016 and was succeeded by fellow Republican Curt VanderWall.
Franz was raised in Detroit, Michigan. He graduated from the University of Detroit and then served in the United States military in Vietnam. In 1978, he moved to Manistee County, Michigan where he was involved in running a grocery business. Franz also owned and operated Franz Market for 30 years, and served for three decades on the Onekama Village Council, including six years as village president.
The 1877 FA Cup Final  was a football match between Wanderers and Oxford University on 24 March 1877 at Kennington Oval in London.  It was the sixth final of the world's oldest football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (known in the modern era as the FA Cup).  Wanderers were the reigning cup-holders and had won the competition three times in total.  Oxford had also previously won the tournament, making this the first FA Cup Final played between two former winners. Wanderers had reached the final without conceding a goal, defeating Cambridge University in the semi-finals.  Oxford had only played three matches in the five rounds prior to the final due to a combination of byes and opponents withdrawing.
Oxford took the lead in the final when Arthur Kinnaird, the Wanderers goalkeeper, stepped behind his goal-line while holding the ball, thereby scoring an own goal.  Wanderers equalised in the dying stages of the match and scored the winning goal in extra time.  Oxford's goal was struck from the official records after the match, but reinstated over a hundred years later.
Wanderers were the reigning cup holders and had also won the tournament in both 1872 and 1873. Oxford University had won the competition in 1874. Both teams entered the competition at the first round stage and were allocated home matches against Saffron Walden and Old Salopians respectively.  Neither match took place, however, as in each case the away team withdrew from the competition, giving their opponents a bye into the next round.  In the second round, Wanderers and Oxford both scored six goals, defeating Southall and 105th Regiment respectively.In the third round, Wanderers beat Pilgrims 3–0 and Oxford again progressed without playing when their scheduled opponents, the leading Scottish club Queen's Park, withdrew.  Wanderers themselves progressed through the quarter-finals on a bye as an uneven number of teams remained in the competition.  Oxford were held to a goalless draw by Upton Park, but emerged victorious after a replay two weeks later.  In the semi-finals Oxford received a bye, progressing straight to the final, and Wanderers beat the other of the great universities, Cambridge University, 1–0.
Both teams chose to play with two full-backs, two half-backs and six forwards, in keeping with the attacking style of play generally employed at the time. Arthur Kinnaird played in goal for Wanderers, even though he had played as a forward in three earlier cup final appearances. At the time, the position of goalkeeper was not considered a specialised one, and players often alternated between playing in goal and playing in outfield positions. The game was played at Kennington Oval, home of Surrey County Cricket Club and took place in extremely bad weather, with rain and sleet hampering the players.  Wanderers won the coin toss and chose to begin the match defending the Harleyford Road end of the stadium.The Wanderers players began the game in relative disarray, which the correspondent from The Sportsman reported was not an uncommon feature of their matches. After fifteen minutes Oxford were awarded a corner kick, which Evelyn Waddington kicked high towards the goal.  Kinnaird caught the ball, but in doing so stepped behind the goal-line.  The Oxford players immediately appealed for a goal to be awarded, and after a consultation the officials did so, giving the University team the lead. Some time later, Charles Wollaston was injured and swapped positions with Kinnaird. At the time the concept of substitution had not been introduced to the sport, so injured players were obliged to remain in the game unless they were completely unable to play on, but it was common for an injured player to "retire into goal", where it was felt he would be less of a liability.As Wanderers pressed for an equaliser, Francis Birley took an indirect free kick, which went into the Oxford goal, but no goal was awarded as the ball had gone straight in without touching another player. Four minutes from the end of the game, Hubert Heron made what The Field called a "splendid run" and passed the ball to Jarvis Kenrick, whose shot eluded Oxford goalkeeper Edward Alington to level the scores and send the game into extra time. Seven minutes into the extra period, William Lindsay's goalbound shot was headed away by an Oxford player but the ball rebounded to Lindsay who sent it past Alington to give Wanderers a lead which the cup holders kept until the end of the game and thus retained the trophy.
Match rules:
90 minutes normal time.
30 minutes extra-time if scores are level, at captains' discretion.
Replay if scores still level.
No substitutes.
Some time after the match, Kinnaird informed the council of the Football Association (FA), of which he was a member, that in his opinion he had not carried the ball over the line for Oxford's goal. Despite the fact that the referee had awarded the goal and multiple newspaper reports stated that the ball had clearly gone over the line, Kinnaird's fellow council members took his word for it, and struck the goal from the records, changing the official score to 2–0 (although if Oxford had not scored, there would have been no reason for the game to go to extra time, so by rights they should have annulled Wanderers' second goal as well). For the next century, all sources reported the score of the match as 2–0. In the 1980s, after fresh research into contemporary reports of the game by football historians, the FA reinstated the Oxford goal, and now regard the official final score of the 1877 final as 2–1.
GeneralWarsop, Keith (2004). The Early FA Cup Finals and the Southern Amateurs. SoccerData. ISBN 1-899468-78-1.Specific
FA Cup Final line-ups
North Beach is a 2000 American comedy-drama film co-directed by and starring Richard Speight Jr.
Casey Peterson as Tyler
Jennifer Milmore as Paige
Gabrielle Anwar as Lu
Jim Hanna as Robbie
Barrow Davis as Veronica
Hopwood DePree as Ted
Richard Speight Jr. as Pete
James Brundage of Contactmusic.com gave the film four and a half stars out of five.
North Beach at IMDb
North Beach at Rotten Tomatoes
Official website
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 19,687. Its county seat is Libby. The county was founded in 1909 and named for President Abraham Lincoln. The county lies on Montana's north border and thus shares the US-Canadian border with the Canadian province of British Columbia.
This heavily wooded and mountainous county once was part of Flathead County until residents of Libby and Eureka petitioned the state legislature for separation. Libby won an election over Eureka to host the county seat.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 3,675 square miles (9,520 km2), of which 3,615 square miles (9,360 km2) is land and 62 square miles (160 km2) (1.7%) is water. The county borders the Canadian province of British Columbia to the north. The lowest point in the state of Montana is located on the Kootenai River in Lincoln County, where it flows out of Montana and into Idaho. Upstream, Libby Dam backs up huge Lake Koocanusa (combination name of Kootenai, Canada, USA) into Canada's British Columbia.
In 2003, the top employers are listed in the table below.
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 18,837 people, 7,764 households, and 5,333 families living in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 9,319 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.09% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 1.20% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.39% from other races, and 1.86% from two or more races. 1.44% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 23.6% were of German, 12.0% English, 10.2% American, 9.8% Norwegian and 9.4% Irish ancestry. 96.5% spoke English, 1.7% German and 1.3% Spanish as their first language.
There were 7,764 households, out of which 29.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.10% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.30% were non-families. 26.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.90.
The county population contained 25.30% under the age of 18, 5.50% from 18 to 24, 24.20% from 25 to 44, 29.70% from 45 to 64, and 15.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 102.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,754, and the median income for a family was $31,784. Males had a median income of $30,299 versus $20,600 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,923. About 14.20% of families and 19.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.40% of those under age 18 and 10.80% of those age 65 or over.
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 19,687 people, 8,843 households, and 5,608 families living in the county. The population density was 5.4 inhabitants per square mile (2.1/km2). There were 11,413 housing units at an average density of 3.2 per square mile (1.2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.9% white, 0.9% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% black or African American, 0.4% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 31.5% were German, 15.7% were Irish, 15.3% were English, 10.2% were Norwegian, and 3.3% were American.Of the 8,843 households, 23.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.6% were non-families, and 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.72. The median age was 48.9 years.The median income for a household in the county was $30,823 and the median income for a family was $39,600. Males had a median income of $40,944 versus $24,965 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,626. About 13.7% of families and 18.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.2% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.
Eureka
Libby (county seat)
Troy
Rexford
For its first eighty years, Lincoln County was a Democratic-leaning area that would vote Republican only during large GOP landslides. Only four Republicans were to win the county in the seventeen Presidential elections between its inaugural election in 1912 and 1976. However, like many timber-dependent counties, it has become overwhelmingly Republican since that time. The last Democrat to carry Lincoln County was Michael Dukakis during the drought-influenced 1988 election. Since then, no Democrat has reached 35 percent of the county's vote.
List of lakes in Lincoln County, Montana
List of mountains in Lincoln County, Montana (A-L)
List of mountains in Lincoln County, Montana (M-Z)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County MT
Lincoln County, Montana
Marianne Comtell is an actress known for the 1969 film Police Chief Pepe, The Sensuous Sicilian (1973), and Garcon! (1983). She also appeared in Safety Catch, a film directed by French director Yves Boisset.
Marianne Comtell at IMDb
https://www.fdb.cz/lidi-filmografie-zanrova/214123-marianne-comtell.html
http://www.ivid.it/foto/cinema/Drammatico/1969/caso-Venere-privata/239678/Raffaella-Carra/Raffaella-Carra-Bruno-Cremer-Renaud-Verley-Marianne
http://en.unifrance.org/directories/person/126431/marianne-comtell
https://flickseeker.com/SearchResults/SearchBySearchTerms?searchTerms=Marianne%20Comtell
https://kifim.fr/people/marianne-comtell/58876/
The following lists events that happened during 2003 in Australia.
Monarch – Elizabeth II
Governor-General – Peter Hollingworth (until 28 May), then Michael Jeffery (from 11 August)
Administrator of the Commonwealth – Sir Guy Green (from 28 May to 11 August)
Prime Minister – John Howard
Deputy Prime Minister – John Anderson
Opposition Leader – Simon Crean (until 2 December), then Mark Latham
Chief Justice – Murray Gleeson
Premier of New South Wales – Bob Carr
Opposition Leader – John Brogden
Premier of Queensland – Peter Beattie
Opposition Leader – Mike Horan (until 4 February), then Lawrence Springborg
Premier of South Australia – Mike Rann
Opposition Leader – Rob Kerin
Premier of Tasmania – Jim Bacon
Opposition Leader – Rene Hidding
Premier of Victoria – Steve Bracks
Opposition Leader – Robert Doyle
Premier of Western Australia – Geoff Gallop
Opposition Leader – Colin Barnett
Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory – Jon Stanhope
Opposition Leader – Brendan Smyth
Chief Minister of the Northern Territory – Clare Martin
Opposition Leader – Denis Burke (until 14 November), then Terry Mills
Chief Minister of Norfolk Island – Geoffrey Gardner
Governor of New South Wales – Marie Bashir
Governor of Queensland – Peter Arnison (until 29 July), then Quentin Bryce
Governor of South Australia – Marjorie Jackson-Nelson
Governor of Tasmania – Sir Guy Green (until 3 October), then Richard Butler
Governor of Victoria – John Landy
Governor of Western Australia – John Sanderson
Administrator of the Australian Indian Ocean Territories – Bill Taylor (until 30 July), then Evan Williams (from 1 November)
Administrator of Norfolk Island – Tony Messner (until 30 July), then Michael Stephens (until 1 November), then Grant Tambling
Administrator of the Northern Territory – John Anictomatis (until 30 October), then Ted Egan
9 January - Convicted child sex offender Dennis Ferguson is released from jail amid public outcry in Queensland after serving a 14-year sentence.
17 January - Batsman Darren Lehmann made a racist outburst during Australia's four-wicket victory at the Gabba.  Lehmann shouted "black c-" while entering the dressing room after being run out.
18 January – Four people die in the Canberra bushfires of 2003.
31 January – Seven people die in the Waterfall train disaster, which happened due to the driver having a heart attack at the controls of the train & losing control of the train.
2–6 February - Cyclone Beni causes widespread flooding and damage in south-east Queensland, but also easing the drought in rural areas. Floodwaters claimed the life of a 67-year-old man in Rockhampton on 5 February.
4 February - Mike Horan is voted out by the National Party as Leader of the Opposition in Queensland and is replaced by Lawrence Springborg.
11 February - Justice John Dyson Heydon is sworn in as judge of the High Court of Australia, replacing Justice Mary Gaudron.
16 February – Tens of thousands of Australian protestors join millions more in other cities around the world in protesting the Iraq War. These are the biggest street protests seen since the Vietnam War.
22 February - Cricketer Shane Warne is suspended from cricket for one year from 10 February 2003.
26 February - Victorian MP and former Olympic skier, Kirstie Marshall, is ejected from her first question time when she breastfed her newborn baby in Victoria's Parliament, the first woman to do so.
10 March - Quentin Bryce is announced as the next Governor of Queensland.
20 March – The Iraq war begins. Australia sends 2000 military personnel to the conflict.
22 March – Bob Carr's ALP government is re-elected for a third term in New South Wales
April – The North Korean freighter Pong Su is stormed by Special Operations Command troops carrying almost 125 kg (300 lb) of heroin.
11 April - Natasha Ryan is found hiding in a wardrobe at her 26-year-old boyfriend's home near Rockhampton.  Leonard John Fraser was acquitted of her murder.
22 April - Max Sica reports finding the bodies of the three Singh children in the spa of their family home at Bridgeman Downs.  He was later convicted of their murders on 3 July 2012.
28 April – All Pan Pharmaceuticals products are recalled by the Therapeutic Goods Administration after a number of safety problems were found at its manufacturing plant, in what was one of Australia's biggest ever recalls.
14 May - Shirley and Vijay Singh ask police to remove Max Sica from their children's funeral service.
25 May - Peter Hollingworth bows to pressure and quits as Governor-General following Anglican church child sex scandal.
29 May – An attempted hijacking of Qantas Flight 1737 between Melbourne and Launceston is thwarted when a flight attendant and passengers subdue and disarm the culprit.
Stockbroker Rene Rivkin is fined $30,000 and sentenced to nine months of periodic detention for insider trading. A jury found that he had acted improperly in buying 50,000 Qantas shares in April 2001 just hours after hearing of a potential merger between the company and the struggling Impulse Airlines.
4 June - Queensland Chief Magistrate Di Fingleton is sent to jail for six months after a Supreme Court jury found that she has unlawfully retaliated against a witness.
5 June - The Federal Court rules in Commissioner of Taxation v La Rosa that a convicted heroin dealer is entitled to a tax deduction of $220,000 for money stolen from him during a drug deal.
22 June – Major-General Michael Jeffrey becomes Australia's Governor-General after the resignation of Dr Peter Hollingworth due to his handling of a child sex case while he was Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane.
3 July - Australian film critic, Margaret Pomeranz, attempted in Sydney to screen the controversial movie Ken Park, which had been refused classification and banned by the Classification Review Board on the grounds that the film depicted actual child sex abuse.
10 July - News South Wales' Independent Commission Against Corruption issued findings against a member of the Legislative Council, Malcolm Jones, of the Outdoor Recreation Party.  The ICAC found Mr Jones had misused taxpayer dollars, by falsely claiming an allowance for living in the country, as well as using entitlements to prop up other political parties.
11 July - Pop singer Delta Goodrem announces that she has been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease, a rare form of cancer.
19 July - The Australian Government committed 2,500 troops to the Solomon Islands for a Regional Assistance Mission in an effort to help the government re-establish law and order.  The troops arrived on 24 July.
10 August - Brisbane's Festival Hall closes its doors for the last time.
11 August - Major-General Michael Jeffrey is sworn in as Australia's Governor-General.
20 August -
Former One Nation leader, Pauline Hanson, and David Ettridge are sentenced to three years jail for electoral fraud.
Saudi Arabia rejects a shipment of 58,000 sheep from the MV Cormo Express on alleged disease grounds and refuses to unload them. The live trade to Saudi Arabia is suspended in light of the rejection.
23 August - Prime Minister, John Howard, commits an extra $125 million to help save the Murray Darling River System.
25 August - Prime Minister, John Howard, receives a hero's welcome from Solomon Islanders when he visits Honiara.
29 August - Ali Abdulrazak was shot 10 times after prayers at the Lakemba Mosque in Sydney, New South Wales.
1 September - Former One Nation leader, Pauline Hanson, and David Ettridge are refused bail.
3 September - Radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir sentenced to four years jail after being found guilty of participating in a campaign of treason against Indonesia. He was also convicted for his involvement in the 2002 Bali bombings.
10 September - Imam Samudra is found guilty for his involvement in the 2002 Bali bombings.
25 September - Gina Rinehart, daughter of mining magnate Lang Hancock, and Rose Hancock, his widow, decide to end their long-running legal battle.
29 September - Prime Minister John Howard announces a major ministerial reshuffle.  Philip Ruddock becomes Attorney-General, Amanda Vanstone became Immigration Minister and Tony Abbott became Health Minister.
3 October - Pop starlet and Neighbours actress Holly Valance loses a NSW Supreme Court legal battle with her former manager, Scott Michaelson, who had sued Valance for dumping him as manager last year.  Mr. Justice Clifford Einstein awards more than $330,000 plus legal costs to Michaelson on 6 October.
12 October - Australia commemorates the first anniversary of the 2002 Bali bombings.
14 October - Three gunmen, one using an automatic weapon, fired indiscriminately into 5 Lawford Street, Greenacre, Sydney, killing 22-year-old Mervat Hanka, asleep in her bed, and 24-year-old Ziad Abdulrazak, who'd been to jail for drug offences.
22 October – U.S. President George W. Bush & Chinese President Hu Jintao visits Australia simultaneously. U.S. President Bush gives his address to Australian Parliament on 22 October, while the PRC leader gives his address on 23 October.
24 October - Agriculture Minister, Warren Truss, announced that the 50,000 sheep from the Cormo Express, stranded in the Persian Gulf 79 days after leaving Australia, have been accepted by the Government of Eritrea.
26 October - ASIO raids the Sydney homes of six suspected terror suspects, including that of 35-year-old Frenchman Willie Brigitte.
30 October -
Ahmad Fahda, 25, was executed in a hail of gunfire in front of horrified onlookers at the service station on the corner of Punchbowl Road and Dudley Street, Punchbowl, Sydney, New South Wales.
The Federal Government's Telstra privatisation bill fails to pass the Senate.
6 November - The Queensland Court of Appeal sets aside the convictions of Pauline Hanson and David Ettridge.
11 November - Turkish Kurd asylum seekers who landed on Melville Island last week are sent to Indonesia amid a cloud of political controversy.
14 November - The Queensland Crime and Misconduct Committee resolved that it would investigate the imprisonment of Pauline Hanson and David Ettridge.
20 November - A shipment of 70,000 sheep bound for the Middle East was delayed when Victorian authorities found shredded ham placed into the sheep's feed.  Activists declared they'd put pig meat into the feed in an attempt to stop the live sheep from meeting the criteria for Muslim markets.
28 November – Simon Crean resigns as Opposition Leader. Mark Latham defeats Kim Beazley by two votes in a party room ballot on 2 December.
3 December - Former Queensland Chief Magistrate Di Fingleton walks free from jail after six months.
8 December - The Federal Government announces a budget surplus.
16 December - The Federal Government made its long-awaited announcement on the excise rate for fuel alternatives after their final Cabinet meeting for the year.  LPG for cars, previously free of excise, will be taxed by 2.5 cents per litre from mid-2008.
17 December - Health Minister, Tony Abbott, unveils the Government's medical indemnity insurance package.
18 December - The Productivity Commission's draft report on housing affordability for first homebuyers is released and puts forward measures including the scrapping of stamp duties, as well as the means testing of the $7,000 First Home Owners Grant. The Productivity Commission concedes there's no quick fix for the big jump in house prices over the last few years.
ARIA Music Awards of 2003
Alex Miller's novel Journey to the Stone Country wins the Miles Franklin Award
30 June – Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith begins principal photography at Fox Studios Australia in Sydney.
Kangaroo Jack
Ned Kelly
October – After protests from the Vietnamese community, SBS decides to cancel its broadcasts of the state-run news service from Vietnam.
31 December – Southern Cross Ten goes on air as a supplementary broadcaster to existing solus broadcaster Central GTS/BKN in the Spencer Gulf region of South Australia and the Broken Hill area of New South Wales.
11 February - Australian cricketer Shane Warne tested positive to a banned substance and the Australian Cricket Board announced that it had referred the matter to the Anti-Doping Policy Committee.  Warne announced that he was standing down from Australia's World Cup campaign.
12 February – Australia beat England 3–1 in a friendly upset at Boleyn Ground, London.
3 April – First day of the Australian Track & Field Championships for the 2002–2003 season, which are held at the ANZ Stadium in Brisbane, Queensland. The 5,000 metres were conducted at the Melbourne Track Classic, Victoria on Saturday 1 March 2003. The 10,000 metres (men and women) were conducted at the Runaway Bay Grand Prix in Queensland on Saturday 12 April 2003.
6 April – Sydney Kings win their first championship by defeating Perth Wildcats 117–101 in Game 2 of the last best-of-three NBL Grand Final series.
7 April – The Crawford Report delivers recommendations to the Federal Government regarding the Structure, Governance and Management of Soccer in Australia.
1 June – Perth Glory avenge their defeat in the 2001–2002 NSL Grand Final by beating Olympic Sharks 2–0 in the Final at Subiaco Oval to become Champions for the first time in their history.
10 August: On a rainswept Arena Joondalup, East Perth score only 0.9 (9) against deadly rivals West Perth, the first goalless score in WAFL/WANFL/Westar Rules football since West Perth themselves kicked 0.10 (10) against soon-to-be-defunct Midland Junction in May 1916.
7 September – Following the conclusion of the final main round of the 2003 NRL season, the Penrith Panthers win the minor premiership, while the South Sydney Rabbitohs finish in last position, claiming the wooden spoon.
12 September – The Melbourne Phoenix defeat the Sydney Swifts 47–44 in the Commonwealth Bank Trophy netball grand final.
14 September – Paul Arthur wins the men's national marathon title, clocking 2:31:28 in Sydney, while Helen Tolhurst claims the women's title in 2:58:58.
27 September – The Brisbane Lions (20.14.134) defeat the Collingwood Magpies (12.12.84) to win the 107th VFL/AFL premiership. It is the third consecutive grand final win for Brisbane and the second consecutive year that they and Collingwood have met in the grand final.
5 October – The 2003 NRL grand final is won by the Penrith Panthers, who defeated the Sydney Roosters 18-6 to win their second premiership and their first since 1991. It is the Panthers' most recent premiership win to date.
10 October – 22 November – Australia hosts the 2003 Rugby World Cup. In the final held at Telstra Stadium in Sydney, England defeats Australia 20-17 after a last-minute field goal from Jonny Wilkinson in extra time.
12 October – New Zealander Greg Murphy and Rick Kelly dominate the Bob Jane T-marts Bathurst 1000 for the K-mart Racing Team. It was Murphy's third win, each for different teams, while at just 20 years of age, Kelly becomes the youngest winner in the races history. It was the fifth consecutive win for Holden, a new record.
4 November – Makybe Diva wins the Melbourne Cup horse racing event. It is the first of three Melbourne Cup wins for the mare.
1 December – Robert Irwin, television personality, son of Steve Irwin
11 January – Maurice Gibb, 53, Bee Gee
20 January – John Halfpenny, 68, trade union leader
2 March – Malcolm Williamson, 71, composer, Master of the Queen's Music
3 March – Dick Garrard, 92, Olympic wrestler
7 August – Charlie Jones, 85, ALP politician
23 August – Jack Dyer, 89, Australian rules football legend
24 August – Mal Colston, 65, federal politician
9 September – Don Willesee, 87, ALP politician
19 September – Slim Dusty, 76, country music singer
12 October – Jim Cairns, 89, ALP politician
17 December – Ed Devereaux, 78, actor
2003 in Australian television
List of Australian films of 2003
Chrostosoma tricolor is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Felder in 1868. It is found in the Amazon region.
Biodiversity Heritage Library
Beccaloni, G.; Scoble, M.; Kitching, I.; Simonsen, T.; Robinson, G.; Pitkin, B.; Hine, A.; Lyal, C., eds. (2003). "Chrostosoma tricolor". The Global Lepidoptera Names Index. Natural History Museum. Retrieved April 30, 2018.
Yang Shin-young (born 8 November 1990) is a female South Korean short-track and long-track speed skater.
YANG Shin Young at the 2011 Asian Winter Games at the Wayback Machine (archived 2011-02-07)
Shin Young YANG at the International Olympic Committee
Yang Shin-Yeong at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
The Scots Dumpy is a traditional Scottish breed of chicken. It is characterised by very short legs, so short that the body is a few centimetres from the ground; as in other breeds of creeper chicken, this chondrodystrophy is caused by a recessive lethal allele. The Dumpy has at times been known by other names, among them Bakie, Corlaigh, Crawler, Creeper and Stumpy. There are both standard-sized and bantam Scots Dumpies. It is one of two Scottish breeds of chicken, the other being the Scots Grey.
The Scots Dumpy is a traditional Scottish breed; short-legged birds of this type have been bred in Scotland for more than two centuries. Some were introduced to England in the mid-nineteenth century, and were first shown at the Metropolitan Poultry Exhibition in Baker Street in London in 1852.:222 In 1854 John Fairlie of Cheveley Park in Cambridgeshire showed some at the Cheltenham Poultry Show in Cheltenham.:386 It later became one of the rarest British breeds. In 1975 a search for surviving stock in Scotland was unsuccessful. Two years later a dozen birds were imported from Kenya, descendants of a small flock taken there in 1902 in the dowry of Violet Mabel Carnegie, and used to re-constitute the breed.:424In 2009 it was listed by the Rare Breeds Survival Trust as "at risk", the lowest of the four levels of endangerment the RBST assigned to poultry at that time.
There is no set colour for the Scots Dumpy, which is usually cuckoo, black or white; the breed standard allows any colour standardised in other breeds.:262 The comb is single and bright red. The ear-lobes are small, the wattles of medium size; they and the face are also bright red.:264 The eyes are red in the white and cuckoo varieties, dark in the black.:264The legs are abnormally short, the shanks no longer than 3.75 cm (1.5 in), so the birds have an unusual waddling or swimming gait. They are otherwise normal in all respects, with a long heavy low-set body, deep breast, broad back, and well-arched tail. They have four toes.:262
Scots Dumpy hens lay about 180 white or cream-coloured eggs per year.:277:423 They are good sitters, and have been used to hatch clutches of game-bird eggs.:423
Androlepis skinneri is a plant species native to southern Mexico (Veracruz, Chiapas, Tabasco) and Central America (Belize, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua). This is one of the few Bromelioideae species that is dioecious.
× Androlaechmea 'Crateriformis'
× Androlaechmea 'Cyclops'
× Androlaechmea 'Dean'
× Androlaechmea 'O'Rourke'
× Androlaechmea 'Sampson'
William Paterson University, officially William Paterson University of New Jersey (WPUNJ), is a public university in Wayne, New Jersey. It is part of New Jersey's public system of higher education. 
Founded in 1855 and was named after American judge William Paterson, William Paterson is the second-oldest of the nine state colleges and universities in New Jersey. William Paterson offers undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral degrees through its five academic colleges. During the fall 2017 semester, 8,838 undergraduate students and 1,414 graduate students were enrolled.
William Paterson University was founded in 1855 as the Paterson City Normal School. For more than a century, training teachers for New Jersey schools was its exclusive mission. In 1951, the University moved to the present campus. Originally known as Ailsa Farms, the site was purchased by the State of New Jersey in 1948 from the family of Garret Hobart, twenty-fourth vice president of the United States.
The original manor house was built in 1877 in the style of a castle, and was the home of John McCullough, a Scottish immigrant who made a fortune in the wool industry. It was later purchased, enlarged and made the weekend retreat and summer residence of the Hobart family. Today the building is known as Hobart Manor and is home of the Office of the President and the Office of Institutional Advancement. Hobart Manor was designated a national and state landmark in 1976.The university changed its name to Paterson State Teachers College when it relocated from Paterson in 1951. In 1966, the curriculum was expanded to include degree offerings other than those leading to a teaching career. In 1971, it was renamed William Paterson College of New Jersey. The change of name honored William Paterson, who was the state's first senator, its second governor, and a United States Supreme Court Justice appointed by President George Washington, and reflected both the institution's beginnings in the city that also bears his name and the legislative mandate to move from a teachers' college to a broad-based liberal arts institution.
The Commission on Higher Education granted William Paterson university status in June 1997.Dr. Richard J. Helldobler, former interim president of Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago, Illinois, is the eighth president of William Paterson University. He took office July 1, 2018 to replace the retiring Kathleen Waldron, who had served as the school's president since August 2010.
The university is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education, Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, Commission on the Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs, Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education, National Association of Schools of Art and Design, National Association of Schools of Music, and National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education, among others.It is organized into five academic colleges: College of Arts and Communication, Cotsakos College of Business, College of Education, College of Humanities and Social Sciences, and College of Science and Health, offering undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral degrees.  U.S. News & World Report in its 2018 edition of Best Colleges ranks the university as number 102 of Regional Universities North with an Overall Score of 49/100.0.
The College of the Arts and Communication grants the Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Fine Arts, Bachelor of Music, Master of Fine Arts, Master of Arts, and Master of Music degrees.
The Cotsakos College of Business, named in honor of Dr. Christos Cotsakos ‘73, an entrepreneur, former chairman of the board and CEO for E*TRADE, and generous benefactor to the university, grants the Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Arts, and Master of Business Administration degrees.
The College of Education grants the Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Music, Bachelor of Science, Master of Arts in Teaching, and Master of Education. Students may also pursue certificates.
The College of Humanities and Social Sciences grants the Bachelor of Arts, Master of Arts, and Doctor of Psychology.
The College of Science and Health grants the Bachelor of Science, Master of Science, Master of Science in Nursing, and Doctor of Nursing Practice. It also offers several pre-professional programs.The Honors College offers tracks in several disciplines as well as independent study.
William Paterson University is on a 370-acre (150 ha) hilly, wooded campus in northern New Jersey in the suburban township of Wayne. The campus is located along the eastern town line of Wayne, and borders on High Mountain Preserve, a forested area, as well as the boroughs of Haledon and North Haledon, nearly 1,200 acres (4.9 km2) of wetlands and woodlands, and is 3 miles (4.8 km) west of the historic Great Falls in Paterson. New York City is 20 miles (32 km) to the east, the Jersey Shore is an hour's drive south, skiing is 30 miles (48 km) north, and the Meadowlands Sports Complex is a half-hour drive away.
William Paterson University's buildings include:
University Hall, an 80,000 square-foot academic building which opened in January 2016 and was funded in part by the Building Our Future Bond Act, is a mix of general-use classrooms, dedicated laboratories, and clinical spaces for programs in nursing, communication disorders, and public health.
The David and Lorraine Cheng Library is the academic knowledge center of William Paterson University.
The expanded and renovated 232,000-square-foot Science Complex features nearly 100 research labs and 50 teaching labs.
The 1600 Valley Road Building, which includes interactive classrooms, the Russ Berrie Institute for Professional Sales with its professional sales laboratory, and the Financial Learning Center (a simulated trading floor).
The University Galleries at the Ben Shahn Center for the Visual Arts presents exhibitions of contemporary art, oversees the University's art collections and offers educational programs.
The Power Art Center accommodates an array of studio arts, including three-dimensional design, photography, sculpture, ceramics, printmaking, woodworking, and painting.
The Nel Bolger, RN Nursing Laboratory is a patient simulation laboratory suite in Hunziker Wing. The lab features computerized patient simulation mannequins, a control station for operating the mannequins, robotic digital cameras to record students practicing patient care techniques, television screens to display the lab sessions, one-way mirrors to allow viewing by professors, and editing facilities for creative electronic DVDs for evaluations of student progress.
Other laboratories devoted to arts and sciences and large areas for environmental research include Hamilton Hall, the communication building, housing TV broadcast studios,  the WPSC radio station and sound engineering arts facilities. Hamilton Hall, originally Hobart Hall, had its name changed in summer of 2019. The reasoning behind the name change was due to the fact that students, particularly first-year freshmen, were confusing Hobart Manor and Hobart Hall for one another. The new name is in reference to Alexander Hamilton, one of the Founding Fathers of the United States and first United States Secretary of the Treasury.
The University Commons, including the John Victor Machuga Student Center with its food court and the Speert Hall dining facility, is the hub of campus life, providing a venue for the entire University community to gather and interact.
The university provides housing for nearly 2,600 students in ten residence halls, including two that opened in 2006. Two residence halls, High Mountain East and West, offer learning communities in collaboration with the University's Honors College, and feature smart classrooms that are used as part of the living/learning experience.With accommodations ranging from double room suites to apartments, the University's modern, smoke-free buildings range in size from 100 to 400 students and are coed by suite, with four residents sharing a suite or apartment. First-year students start out in traditional residence halls such as Overlook South and North, Hillside Hall, White Hall, Matelson Hall, and Century Hall, while upper-class students and older transfer students experience the added independence of the apartments, Pioneer Hall and Heritage Hall.The newest residence hall, Skyline Hall, completed construction in 2019.
Offering an active campus experience for both resident and commuter students, William Paterson University hosts 24 fraternities and sororities and more than 70 clubs and organizations, as well as intramural and recreational activities, peer education, and leadership programs. William Paterson University's Club Sports include Cheerleading, Bowling, Equestrian, Ice Hockey, Rugby, Dance and Track.William Paterson has been nationally recognized for its alcohol prevention program, which requires freshmen and transfer students to take AlcoholEdu, an online alcohol prevention course to educate students about the consequences of alcohol abuse. In addition, student workers serve as peer health advocates and help to spread the message to their peers about the need to take a responsible approach to alcohol. William Paterson is also an active member in the New Jersey Higher Education Consortium on Alcohol and Other Drug Prevention and Education.WPSC 88.7 Brave New Radio, William Paterson's student-run radio station, is the headquarters for College Radio Day, an effort to celebrate the importance of college radio. In 2012, more than 500 college radio stations in 20 countries participated in the event.In 2018, sorority student Jasmine Barkley, who had been elected to the Greek student senate, posted a video along with a white female student from Penn State University, in which she used the n-word in an apparent song; she later posted a video saying that her video was not racist, but the school's administration issued a statement condemning her action.
The university has 13 intercollegiate sports teams in the NCAA Division III, six for men and seven for women, including NCAA teams in men's baseball and women's softball. The William Paterson University Pioneers compete in Division III of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), as well as in the Eastern College Athletic Conference (ECAC) and the New Jersey Athletic Conference (NJAC). The Faculty Athletic Support Team (FAST) was established in 2013 by the Department of Intercollegiate Athletics, The Office of the Provost, and a number of faculty members, to create a formalized program to enhance communication and serve a resource to assist student-athletes with retention, success and growth.
WP Presents! is the university portal to information about performing arts programs produced and presented by the College of The Arts and Communication. University Performing Arts and University Galleries administrate programs in creative and performing arts including the Jazz Room Series, New Jersey Playwrights Contest, and all public productions in the Shea Center for Performing Arts and the Hunziker Black Box Theatre. Cultural events take place on campus throughout the year, including theater productions, gallery exhibits, and concerts presenting jazz, classical, and contemporary music.
The university's Jazz Room Series, launched in 1978, hosts both William Paterson's student ensembles and visiting professional and renowned jazz musicians. The Jazz Room Series is the longest-running, campus-based jazz concert series in the nation, entering its thirty-sixth year in 2014. The Jazz Room has received over two decades of continuous grant support from the New Jersey State Council on the Arts/Department of State, as well as grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, and the Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation. The series has been featured on national and metropolitan-area media, including recorded broadcasts.
The university has produced the Distinguished Lecturer Series (DLS), which brings speakers from the worlds of politics, government, the arts, literature, science, and business to campus. The series has presented such speakers as New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox general managers Brian Cashman and Theo Epstein, musical theatre composer Stephen Sondheim, New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, former Secretary of State Colin Powell, former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, film directors Oliver Stone and Spike Lee, actor Al Pacino, performer Gregory Hines, writers Alice Walker and Joyce Carol Oates, feminist, social and political activist Gloria Steinem, theatrical producer and director Harold Prince, historian of education Diane Ravitch, and entertainers Penn and Teller.
In 2013, William Paterson University was selected to host the Gubernatorial Debate between Governor Chris Christie and Senator Barbara Buono. The University welcomed more than eight hundred audience members. William Paterson University also hosted the New Jersey Gubernatorial Debate, which featured candidates Chris Christie, Jon Corzine, and Chris Daggett.
Since 1985, William Paterson has hosted the Abram Kartch/Thomas Jefferson Lecture, where Thomas Jefferson scholars have shared their research and scholarship with the campus community and high school students from throughout New Jersey. The series began when Abram Kartch, a retired Paterson businessman and Thomas Jefferson scholar, provided William Paterson University with an endowment to offer an annual lecture for high school students on the relationship between Jefferson's words and thoughts and modern society.
New Jersey National History Day is part of a very rigorous academic program in which middle and high school students compete for a spot in the state history contest held at William Paterson University annually. The program encourages the study of social studies by guiding students to express themselves creatively through presentations of historical topics. William Paterson has been the sponsor of New Jersey National History Day since 1988, and the program brings hundreds of students from multiple schools and districts to campus.
The annual Orlanda Saa Foreign Language Poetry Recitation Contest at William Paterson University offers middle and high school students the opportunity to recite poetry in Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Latin, Spanish, and ESL. In 2014, the University celebrated its 31st year.
William Paterson's Sculpture on Campus program represents one of the largest collections of public sculpture in New Jersey, and the only higher education institution in the state with a formal program dedicated to placing public sculpture. Twenty-two works are located throughout the campus.
William Paterson University is the only college or university in New Jersey that requires all students to take a three-credit course in civic engagement as a requirement for graduation.
William Paterson signed a partnership agreement with the Paterson Great Falls National Historical Park. The agreement is designed to generate greater use of the Park's historical, cultural and natural resources for educational purposes.
University Hall, the new academic building, was awarded a silver citation in the 2016 American School & University Educational Interiors Showcase, a competition honoring excellence in education interiors.
The 2014 Green Design Award for William Paterson's new 1,000 space parking garage for its energy-efficient LED lighting technology from the Passaic County Board of Chosen Freeholders at their annual green design conference held on June 18, 2014.
William Paterson University was recognized in the 2016 list of Top University Sales Programs for its Russ Berrie Institute for Professional Sales in the Cotsakos College of Business. The list, released by the Sales Education Foundation of Dayton, Ohio, highlights William Paterson University as one of the best locations for hiring sales professionals.
William Paterson's solar panel installation ranks among the 10 largest installations at higher education institutions in the United States. The panels provide 15 to 20 percent of the institution's energy needs. In 2012, William Paterson was a finalist for the Second Nature Climate Leadership Awards, which recognize innovation and excellence in climate leadership at signatory institutions of the American College and University Presidents Climate Committee. William Paterson was one of 20 colleges and universities nationwide, and the only institution from New Jersey, named as finalists.
For the third time in six years, William Paterson University's student-run radio station, WPSC 88.7 FM Brave New Radio, was named Best Radio Station in the Nation (among institutions with more than 10,000 students) by the Intercollegiate Broadcasting System (IBS) in March 2017. Additionally, in IBS's first year offering awards in the medium of video, WP-TV, the campus television station, won for Best Sports Report. In 2018 WP-TV won Best Sports Program, Best Variety Program, Best use of Graphics along with Best use of Social Media, Instagram. WPSC also won for Best Sports Play-By-Play Baseball/Softball, Best use of Social Media/Other and Best College Radio Station in the Nation for the second year in a row. WPSC also won the 2018 National Marconi Award for Best Non-Commercial Radio Station in the Nation.
William Paterson University has been honored as a military friendly school for the seventh year in a row by the 2017 Guide to Military Friendly Schools and is included in their online listing at MilitaryFriendlySchools.com. There are nearly 150 veterans and active service students on campus.
William Paterson University's Cotsakos College of Business is included in the 2017 edition of Princeton Review's Best 295 Business Schools. This marks the seventh consecutive year the Cotsakos College of Business has been featured in the book, which is well known for college rankings based on how students rate their schools.
William Paterson University's Financial Planning Program in the Cotsakos College of Business has been named one of the top schools for financial planners by Financial Planning Magazine for the sixth consecutive year.
The College of Education received the Best Practice Award in Support of Global Diversity for 2011 from the American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education (AACTE). The award honors the integration of diversity awareness into educator preparation and was presented to representatives of the program at AACTE's 63rd Annual Meeting and Exhibits in San Diego.
The North Jersey Chapter of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention presented an award to William Paterson University on October 16, 2011 in recognition of efforts by students and staff members to raise money and awareness for suicide prevention.
Richie Adubato (born 1937), former basketball coach in the NBA, who has served as head coach for the Detroit Pistons, the Dallas Mavericks and the Orlando Magic.
Eric Alexander, jazz musician
Carl Allen, jazz drummer
Ronald M. Berkman (born 1947), president, Cleveland State University
Tom Brislin (born 1973), keyboardist, vocalist, songwriter and producer.
Thom Brooks (born 1973), political philosopher and legal scholar.
Kevin Burkhardt (born 1974), sportscaster who is one of the play-by-play voices for The NFL on FOX.
Joe Clark (born 1938), author, speaker, educator known for his overhaul of Eastside High School made famous by the Morgan Freeman movie Lean on Me
Christos Cotsakos (born 1948), founder, chairman and CEO of Pennington Ventures, LLC, and co-founder and chairman of Mutasian Entertainment, LLC, former CEO of E*TRADE Group.
Rod Daniels, Anchorman for WBAL-TV Channel 11 in Baltimore.
Tom Fitzgerald, journalist, WTTG-TV Fox 5 News in Washington, D.C. Emmy Award winner.
Jeremiah Fraites, drummer of the Grammy-nominated American folk rock band The Lumineers
Rob Fusari, class of 2008, Grammy Award-winning music producer & songwriter for Lady Gaga.
Samantha Giancola, cast member of MTV's Jersey Shore.
Horace Jenkins, former NBA player.
Justin Kauflin, jazz pianist
Ferit Odman, jazz drummer
Herbert Perez, won the United States’ only Gold Medal in the Olympic Sport of Taekwondo
Joseph D. Pistone, class of 1965, a.k.a. "Donnie Brasco", FBI agent who infiltrated the Bonanno crime family.
Tyshawn Sorey, Composer, Multi-instrumentalist, and MacArthur Fellowship recipient.
Ray Toro, lead guitar and backing vocalist for American rock band My Chemical Romance.
Grafton E. Thomas, suspect in 2019 Monsey Hannukah stabbing played two seasons of football for WPU.
Dick Vitale, legendary sports broadcaster (graduate degree).
Clinton Wheeler, former NBA player.
Ian Ziering, class of 1988, cast of Beverly Hills, 90210, star of Sharknado movies.
Official website
Odontoglossum, first named in 1816 by Karl Sigismund Kunth, is a genus of about 100 orchids. The scientific name is derived from the Greek words odon (tooth) and glossa (tongue), referring to the two tooth-like calluses on the base of the lip. This genus of cool to cold growing orchids is to be found on open spots in the humid cloud forest at higher elevations from Central- and West South America to Guyana, with most species around the northern Andes. The abbreviation for this genus is Odm. in the horticultural trade.Most are sympodial epiphytes, or rarely terrestrials.
The pseudobulbs are compact with leaf-like bracts at the base. They give one to three apical leaves. An arching (and sometimes erect) inflorescence grows from its base. The ruffled sepals and petals of these spectacular flowers are spreading. The lip is rather complex, entire or with three lobes. It stands erect or parallel to the long column. The high altitude species show long inflorescences with up to 150 flowers (as in O. cirrhosum), while the lower altitude species have shorter inflorescences with up to 20 flowers. These flowers may be white, red, purple, brown, yellow, or even be blotched with a showy blend of many colors.
Many of these species are in great demand with orchid lovers because of their spectacular and flamboyant flowers.
This genus used to contain more than 400 species. Many have now been reclassified in other genera such as Amparoa, Aspasia, Cochlioda, Cuitlauzina, Cyrtochilum, Gomesa, Lemboglossum, Mesoglossum, Miltonia, Miltonioides, Oliveriana, Oncidium, Osmoglossum, Otoglossum, Rhynchostele, Rossioglossum and Ticoglossum. This new genera occurred outside the Andes in different climatological habitats.
There is some debate going on whether Odontoglossum is a separate genus or if most or even all species should be included in Oncidium. If the latter opinion is followed (see Genera Orchidacearum by Alec M. Pridgeon, Phillip J. Cribb, Mark W. Chase, and Finn N. Rasmussen) most species in the list below are actually called Oncidiums. 
The following list gives the presently accepted names. There are six subgenera : Erectolobata, Lindleyana, Nevadensia, Odontoglossum, Serratolaminata and Unguisepala.
Odontoglossum alberti P.Ortiz 2005 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum alvarezii P.Ortiz 2001 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum ariasii Dalström 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum armatum Rchb.f. 1876 : Armed Odontoglossum (Ecuador)
Odontoglossum aspidorhinum F.Lehm. 1895 :  Shield-leather Odontoglossum (Colombia to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum astranthum Linden & Rchb.f. 1867 (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum aurarium (Rchb.f.) Garay, 1970 (Bolivia)
Odontoglossum auriculatum Rolfe 1892 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum blandum Rchb.f. 1870 : Charming Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum boddaertianum Rchb.f. 1888 (Venezuela)
Odontoglossum callacallaense D.E.Benn. & Christenson 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum cirrhosum Lindl. 1833 : Wavy Odontoglossum (Colombia to Ecuador)(sometimes terrestrial)
Odontoglossum constrictum Lindl. 1843 : Constricted Odontoglossum (Venezuela)
Odontoglossum contaypacchaense D.E.Benn. & Christenson, 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum crinitum Rchb.f. 1874 : Hairy Odontoglossum (Colombia to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum crispum Lindl. 1845 : Curled Odontoglossum (Colombia)
Odontoglossum cristatellum Rchb.f. 1878 (Colombia to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum cristatellum subsp. cristatellum (Colombia to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum cristatellum subsp. lehmannii Rchb.f. Bockemühl 1989 (Colombia to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum cristatum Lindl. in G.Bentham 1845 :  Comb-Like Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru) (occasionally terrestrial) 
Odontoglossum crocidipterum Rchb.f., 1871 : Saffron-yellow Two-winged Odontoglossum (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum crocidipterum subsp. crocidipterum (Colombia)
Odontoglossum crocidipterum subsp. dormanianum (Rchb.f.) Bockemühl 1989 (Venezuela)
Odontoglossum cruentum Rchb.f., 1873 : Blood-red Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum depauperatum Kraenzl. 1906 (Peru)
 Odontoglossum digitatum C.Schweinf. 1945 : Fingered Odontoglossum (Peru)
Odontoglossum dormanianum Rchb.f., 1884 (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum dracoceps Dalström 1999 (Bolivia)
Odontoglossum epidendroides Kunth in F.W.H.von Humboldt, A.J.A.Bonpland & C.S.Kunth 1816 : Epidendrum-like Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum gloriosum Linden & Rchb.f. 1854 : Glorious Odontoglossum (Colombia)
Odontoglossum gramazuense D.E.Benn. & Christenson, 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum hallii Lindl. 1837 :  Hall's Odontoglossum (Colombia to Ecuador) (occasionally terrestrial)
Odontoglossum harryanum Rchb.f., 1886 :  Harry's Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru) (after Harry Veitch)
Odontoglossum hauensteinii Königer 1994 (Bolivia)
Odontoglossum helgae Königer 1997 (Ecuador)
Odontoglossum heterosepalum (Rchb.f.) Garay, 1978 (Venezuela)
Odontoglossum hrubyanum Rchb.f. 1888 (Peru)
Odontoglossum juninense Schltr. 1921 : Junin Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum kegeljani E.Morren, 1877 :  Kegel's Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum krameri Rchb.f. 1868 (Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama) 
Odontoglossum lindleyanum Rchb.f. & Warsz. 1854 :  Lindley's Odontoglossum (Venezuela to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum llanachagaense D.E.Benn. & Christenson 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum lucianum Rchb.f. 1886 :  Lucien's Odontoglossum (Venezuela)
Odontoglossum luteopurpureum Lindl. 1846 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum machupicchuense D.E.Benn. & Christenson 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum mapiriense Mansf. 1934 (Bolivia)
Odontoglossum micklowii Dalström 1993 (Bolivia)
Odontoglossum mirandum Rchb.f. 1882 : Grand Odontoglossum (Colombia to Ecuador)  
Odontoglossum multistellare Rchb.f. 1876 : Many-starred Odontoglossum (Peru)
Odontoglossum naevium Lindl. 1850 : Spotted Odontoglossum (Colombia to Guyana)
Odontoglossum nevadense Rchb.f. 1870 : The High Mountain Odontoglossum (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum nobile Rchb.f. 1850 : Grand Odontoglossum (Colombia)
Odontoglossum odoratum Lindl., 1846 : Fragrant Odontoglossum (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum platynaris Dalström 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum portillae Bockemühl 1985 (Ecuador)
Odontoglossum portmannii Bockemühl, 1988 (Colombia, Ecuador, Peru)
Odontoglossum portmannii subsp. cohrsiae Bockemühl 1988 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum portmannii subsp. portmannii (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum povedanum P.Ortiz 1997 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum praenitens Rchb.f. 1875 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum praestans Rchb.f. & Warsz., 1854 (Colombia, Ecuador, Peru)
Odontoglossum pseudomelanthes D.E.Benn. & Christenson, 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum reversum Bockemühl 1986 (Colombia to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum rhynchanthum Rchb.f. 1887 : Beak-flowered Odontoglossum (Colombia)
Odontoglossum rubrocallosum D.E.Benn. & Christenson, 2001 (Peru)
Odontoglossum sanderianum Rchb.f., 1881 (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum sceptrum Rchb.f. & Warsz. 1854 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum sceptrum var. facetum (Rchb.f.) Bockemühl, 1989 (Colombia)
Odontoglossum sceptrum var. sceptrum (Colombia)
Odontoglossum schillerianum Rchb.f. 1854 (Venezuela)
Odontoglossum spectatissimum Lindl. 1852 (Venezuela to Ecuador)
Odontoglossum subuligerum Rchb.f. 1876 (Peru)
Odontoglossum tenue Cogn. 1895 : Delicate Odontoglossum (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum tenuifolium Dalström 1996 : Delicate-leafed Odontoglossum(Bolivia)
Odontoglossum tripudians Rchb.f. & Warsz. 1854 (Colombia) (occasionally terrestrial)
Odontoglossum velleum Rchb.f., 1874 (Ecuador to Peru)
Odontoglossum vierlingii Senghas 2000 (Bolivia)
Odontoglossum wallisii Linden & Rchb.f., 1870 (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum wyattianum Gurney Wilson 1928 :  Wyatt's Odontoglossum (Peru)
Odontoglossum × acuminatissimum Rchb.f. 1882 (O. cristatum × O. lindleyanum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × adrianae L.Linden 1879 (O. nobile × O. luteopurpureum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × andersonianum Rchb.f. 1868 (O. crispum × O. gloriosum) (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum × brandtii Kraenzl. & Wittm., G 1889 (O. cirrhosum × O. nobile) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × cookianum Rolfe, 1891 (O. sanderianum × O. spectatissimum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × coradinei Rchb.f. 1872 (O. crispum × O. lindleyanum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × dicranophorum Rchb.f., 1888 (O. lindleyanum × O. spectatissimum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × elegans Rchb.f. 1879 (O. cirrhosum × O. cristatum) (Ecuador)
Odontoglossum × excellens Rchb.f. 1881 (O. nobile × O. spectatissimum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × godseffianum Rolfe, 1894 (O. auriculatum × O. spectatissimum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × hennisii Rolfe, 1894 (O. kegeljani × O. tenue) (Peru)
Odontoglossum × hinnus Rchb.f., 1870 (O. hallii × O. cirrhosum) (Ecuador)
Odontoglossum × kraenzlinii O'Brien, 1893 (O. naevium × O. schillerianum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × leeanum Rchb.f. 1882 (O. crocodipterum × O. schillerianum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × limbatum Rchb.f. 1870 (O. nobile × O. lindleyanum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × marriottianum Rchb.f. 1881 (O. crispum × O. hallii) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × mulus Rchb.f., 1870 (O. luteopurpureum × O. gloriosum) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × murrellianum Rchb.f. 1875 (O. naevium × O. nobile) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × schroederianum Rchb.f. 1882 (O. nobile × O. tripudians) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × stellimicans Rchb.f. 1884 (O. lindleyanum × O. tripudians) (Colombia)
Odontoglossum × wilckeanum Rchb.f. 1880 (O. crispum × O. luteopurpureum) (Colombia to Venezuela)
Odontoglossum lends itself to the production of many artificial intergeneric hybrids. The hybrids with red pigmentation are nearly all derived from a crossing with the genus Cochlioda and especially with Cochlioda noezliana. 
If the merge of Odontoglossum into Oncidium is followed, most of following nothogenus names are obsolete : 
xAdaglossum : Ada  x Odontoglossum
xAlexanderara : Brassia  x Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xAndreettara J.M.H.Shaw : Cochlioda x Miltonia x Odontoglossum
xAspodonia : Aspasia  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum
xBakerara : Brassia  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xBaldwinara :  Aspasia  x Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xBanfieldara : Ada  x Brassia  x Odontoglossum
xBarbosaara : Cochlioda  x Gomesa  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xBaumannara : Comparettia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xBeallara : Brassia  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum
xBiltonara : Ada  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum
xBlackara : Aspasia  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia x Odontoglossum
xBrassia R. Br. 1813 Cochlioda Lindl. 1853 × Miltonia Lindl. 1837 × Odontoglossum Kunth 1816
xBrillandeara : Aspasia  x Brassia  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xBrummittara : Comparettia  x Odontoglossum  x Rodriguezia
xBurkhardtara : Leochilus  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium  x Rodriguezia
xBurrageara : Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xCambria : Brassia x Cochlioda  x Miltonia x Oncidium x Odontoglossum
xCampbellara : Odontoglossum  x Oncidium  x Rodriguezia
xCarpenterara : Baptistonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xColmanara : Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xDegarmoara : Brassia  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum
xDerosaara : Odontoglossum  x Miltonia  x Aspasia  x Brassia
xDoncollinara : Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum  x Rodriguezia
xGomoglossum : Gomesa  x Odontoglossum
xGoodaleara : Brassia  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xHamiltonara : Ada  x Brassia  x Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum
xKriegerara : Ada  x Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xLagerara : Aspasia  x Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum
xMaclellanara : Brassia x Odontoglossum x Oncidium
xMaunderara : Ada  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xMiltodontrum J.M.H.Shaw 2004 : (Miltonia Lindl. x Odontoglossum Kunth x Trichocentrum Poepp. & Endl.).
xMorrisonara : Ada  x Odontoglossum  x Miltonia
xOdontioda  : Odontoglossum x Cochlioda
xOdontobrassia : Brassia  x Odontoglossum
xOdontocentrum J.M.H.Shaw  2004 : (Odontoglossum Kunth x Trichocentrum Poepp. & Endl.).
xOdontocidium :  Odontoglossum x Oncidium
xOdontokoa J.M.H.Shaw 2004 : (Odontoglossum Kunth x Zelenkoa M.W.Chase & N.H.Williams).
xOdontonia : Miltonia x Odontoglossum
xOdontopilia : Odontoglossum  x Trichopilia
xOdontorettia : Comparettia  x Odontoglossum
xOdontozelencidium J.M.H.Shaw 2004 : (Odontoglossum Kunth x Oncidium Sw. x Zelenkoa M.W.Chase & N.H.Williams).
xRhyntonossum J.M.H.Shaw 2004 : (Miltonia Lindl. x Odontoglossum Kunth x Rhynchostele Rchb.f.).
xRichardsonara : Aspasia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xRoccaforteara : Odontoglossum  x Aspasia  x Brassia  x Cochlioda
xRodriglossum : Odontoglossum  x Rodriguezia
xRuppara : Gomesa x Odontoglossum x Oncidium
xSanderara : Brassia  x Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum
xSchafferara : Aspasia  x Brassia  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum
xSegerara : Aspasia  x Cochlioda  x Miltonia  x Oncidium  x Odontoglossum
xShiveara : Aspasia  x Brassia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
xStewartara : Ada  x Cochlioda  x Odontoglossum
xVanalstyneara : Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium  x Rodriguezia
xVuylstekeara : Cochlioda x Miltonia x Odontoglossum
xWatsonara J.M.H.Shaw  2004 : (Brassia R.Br. x Odontoglossum Kunth x Oncidium Sw. x Trichocentrum Poepp. & Endl.)
xWilsonara : Cochlioda x Odontoglossum x Oncidium
xWingfieldara : Aspasia  x Brassia  x Odontoglossum
xWithnerara : Aspasia  x Miltonia  x Odontoglossum  x Oncidium
Matthew Michael Serletic II is an American record producer and music executive. As a teenager, Serletic joined a band with members of Collective Soul, a group for which he would later produce. Serletic has worked with several other popular bands and artists for Atlantic Records, including Matchbox Twenty, Cher, Blessid Union of Souls, Edwin McCain, Stacie Orrico, Taylor Hicks, Rob Thomas, and singer/songwriter Angie Aparo.  Serletic worked with American Idol winner David Cook on his second studio album. He also preceded Jason Flom as chairman of Virgin Records, a position he held from 2002-2005. He also worked with Joe Cocker, writing and producing his album, Hard Knocks.
In 2004, at the age of 33, he was named to Crain's New York Business "40 Under 40" list.
In 2011, Serletic tried his hand at being a reality show judge on the television show CMT's Next Superstar.Serletic is the owner of Emblem Music Group and currently resides in Calabasas, California, with his wife, Ramona, and their two children. Matt also helped the rock supergroup Class of '99 in covering Pink Floyd's "Another Brick in the Wall" for the film The Faculty, contributing on the keyboard.
Emblem Music Group
Paul Chadwick (born 1957) is an American comic book creator best known for his series Concrete about a normal man trapped in a stone body.
Born in Seattle, Chadwick grew up in its suburb Medina, where his father, Stephen F. Chadwick, was the city attorney. As a teenager, he participated in Apa-5, the amateur press alliance of comics fans, and in 1979 graduated from the Art Center College of Design, where he had majored in illustration.Chadwick began his career creating storyboards for Disney, Warner Brothers, Lucasfilm and other film studios, contributing to such films as Pee Wee's Big Adventure, Strange Brew, The Big Easy, Ewoks: The Battle for Endor, Lies and Miracle Mile.
He drew issues of the comic book Dazzler, published by Marvel Comics, before creating Concrete, first published by Dark Horse Comics in Dark Horse Presents #1 (July 1986). He wrote Gifts of the Night for DC Comics' Vertigo imprint, with art by John Bolton.
After working on several Matrix comics, Chadwick was asked by the Wachowskis to write the MMORPG The Matrix Online. He outlined the general story direction and offshoots of events in the game. Chadwick also illustrated cards for the Magic: The Gathering collectible card game.
In May 2015, Chadwick announced he is working on a new Concrete series entitled Stars over Sand. In November 2017, he reported he was still at work on the story, describing it as Concrete being "hit by lightning and rendered amnesiac. He discovers the world anew, and, somewhat paranoid, becomes a danger to his loved ones and others."
Chadwick won the Eisner Award for Best Writer/Artist for 1989, and was nominated for Harvey Awards for Best Artist, Writer, and Writer/Artist that same year.
Gifts of the Night #1-4 (1998–99)
Harlan Ellison's 7 Against Chaos graphic novel (2013)
Y: The Last Man #16-17 (2004)
Concrete #1-10 (1987–88)
Concrete Color Special (1989)
Concrete: Fragile Creature #1-4 (1991)
Concrete: The Human Dilemma #1-6 (2004–05)
Concrete: Killer Smile #1-4 (1994)
Concrete: Strange Armor #1-5 (1997–98)
Concrete: Think Like a Mountain #1-6 (1996)
Star Wars: Empire #9-12, 15 (2003)
Star Wars: A Valentine Story one-shot (2003)
The World Below #1-4 (1999)
The World Below: Deeper and Stranger #1-4 (1999-2000)
Dazzler #38-42 (1985–86)
Deadpool #46-48 (2000)
Doctor Strange: The Flight of Bones #3-4 (replaced original artist Tony Harris) (1999)
Official Paul Chadwick site
GCD: Paul Chadwick
Interview with Paul Chadwick re: The Matrix Online
Paul Chadwick's interview with the Wachowski Brothers re: The Matrix Online Archived from the original
Paul Chadwick's comic "Deja Vu", originally for The Matrix website
Paul Chadwick's "Let it All Fall Down", originally for The Matrix website
Paul Chadwick's "The Miller's Tale", originally for The Matrix website
The Fort Hays Limestone is a member of the Niobrara Formation of the Colorado Group exposed in Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, and South Dakota and is named for the bluffs near the old Fort Hays, a well-known landmark in western Kansas.Defining the southeast border of the High Plains, the towering stone-capped bluffs of the Fort Hays Escarpment are "perhaps the most conspicuous physiographic boundary in Kansas."
The Fort Hays Limestone was a generally practical building stone. However, it deteriorates when in contact with soil (note the repaired foundation on the Old Fort Hays Blockhouse). In contrast, the Fencepost limestone is quite durable in the ground, so, the Fencepost can be seen in foundation course of buildings that are otherwise faced with Fort Hays Limestone.  Particularly in Hays and Ellis, where the Fort Hays and Fencepost outcrops are in close geographic proximity, the two limestones are seen in combination in buildings.
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Colorado
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Kansas
List of fossiliferous stratigraphic units in Nebraska
Paleontology in Colorado
Paleontology in Kansas
Paleontology in Nebraska
The Bureau of Investigative Journalism (typically abbreviated to TBIJ or "the Bureau") is a nonprofit news organisation based in London. It was founded in 2010 to pursue "public interest" investigations, funded through philanthropy. The Bureau works with publishers and broadcasters to maximise the impact of its investigations. Since its founding it has collaborated with Panorama, Newsnight, and File on 4 at the BBC, Channel 4 News and Dispatches, as well as the Financial Times, The Daily Telegraph, and The Sunday Times, among others.
The Bureau has covered a wide range of stories and won many awards including for its coverage of the drone wars and investigation of "joint enterprise" murder convictions. Its managing editor is Rachel Oldroyd.
The Bureau was established in 2010 by former Sunday Times reporter Elaine Potter, who worked on exposing the Thalidomide scandal, and her husband David Potter, who founded software company Psion. Initial funding for the project came from the Potters' charitable foundation, which committed £2 million. Elaine cites one of her inspirations being the creation two years previous of ProPublica, a nonprofit organisation based in New York with a similar remit, also funded philanthropically.Additional support came in the forms of subsidised office space from City University as well as software tools and training from Google.In the run-up to launch Stephen Grey was acting editor until the appointment of Iain Overton as its first permanent managing editor.Ian Overton was succeeded by former Sunday Times Insight editor Christopher Hird in December 2012 and Rachel Oldroyd became Managing Editor in 2014.
On January 29, 2017, a United States-led Special Operations Forces operation was carried out in Yakla Village, Qifah District, in the Al Bayda province in central Yemen. It was the first raid authorized by President Donald Trump, The US military initially denied there were any civilian casualties, but later declared it was investigating if they occurred. An investigation by the Bureau on the ground found that 9 children under the age of 13, with the youngest victim a three-month-old baby were killed. Beside the nine children killed, one pregnant woman was also killed. The Bureau's story was picked up by the Guardian, Newsweek and many other media outlets.
The Bureau working with the Sunday Times revealed on October 2, 2016 that the Pentagon paid British PR firm Bell Pottinger $540 million to create fake terrorist videos, fake news articles for Arab news channels and propaganda videos.An investigation by Abigail Fielding Smith and Crofton Black revealed the details of the multimillion-pound operation. Bell Pottinger was paid by the US Department of Defence (DoD) for five contracts from May 2007 to December 2011, according to The Times and the Bureau.
Lord Bell confirmed Bell Pottinger reported to the Pentagon, the CIA and the U.S. National Security Council on its work in Iraq.
The Bureau is running a continuing investigation into the threat posed by antibiotic resistant bacteria. In December 2016 Madlen Davies working with the Sunday Telegraph revealed that superbugs were killing at least twice as many people as the government estimated. In October 2016, Andrew Wasley working with the Guardian revealed that pork contaminated with MRSA was being sold at Asda and Sainsburys.
The Bureau monitors drone strike casualties in Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia. In Yemen and Somalia, these figures also include victims of drone strikes, airstrikes, missile attacks and ground operations. Unlike other organisations that track such deaths, the Bureau focuses on identifying non-militant deaths, including children. The data from this research is published online. Jack Serle was one of three Bureau reporters who won the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism in 2013 for "their research into Barack Obama’s drone wars and their consequences for civilians".
A series of articles in 2016 written by Melanie Newman exposed the "real wolves of Wall Street" involved in binary options fraud. According to the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau's head of crime, Detective Chief Inspector Andy Fyfe, this is the biggest fraud being perpetrated against British targets today with police receiving an average of two reports of binary trading fraud a day, with the average investor losing £16,000. Fyfe described this as "just the tip of the iceberg" because most of the frauds are not reported to the police because the fraudsters are usually located abroad.
In February 2016, the UK Supreme Court ruled that the law on "joint enterprise" in murder cases, which allows for several people to be charged with the same offence even though they may have played very different roles in the crime, had been wrongly interpreted. This followed a long-running Bureau investigation into joint enterprise. The Bureau found that black British men were more than three times as likely to be serving life sentences as a result of a joint enterprise conviction than those in the prison population overall. Three Bureau reporters – Maeve McClenaghan, Melanie McFadyean and Rachel Stevenson – won the 2013–14 Bar Council Legal Reporting Award for the coverage.
An investigation in collaboration with the Financial Times into how the European Union structural funds were used, and whether the policy was achieving what it set out to do. It found that millions of euros were being siphoned off by organised crime syndicates, and that money was being used to support multinational corporations instead of small and medium-sized businesses, including help to finance a British American Tobacco cigarette factory.
The Bureau co-produced an episode of File on 4 with the BBC on the story which received the UACES Reporting Europe Prize.
Public relations firm Bell Pottinger were the centre of a Bureau covert filming operation published in The Independent. In the footage senior executives claim that they can get UK prime minister David Cameron to speak to the Chinese premier on behalf of one of their clients within 24 hours, and that they have a team which "sorts" negative Wikipedia coverage.Bell Pottinger subsequently filed a complaint with the Press Complaints Commission about the investigation, which was rejected.
An investigation in collaboration with The Independent found that the number of people who had died after being forcibly restrained whilst in police custody was higher than official figures showed. This was due to the exclusion of anyone who had died following restraint but had not at that point been formally arrested. The Bureau also reported their findings with the BBC in an episode of File on 4.The story won an Amnesty International Media Award.
The Iraq war logs were 391,832 classified United States Army field reports leaked to WikiLeaks, which shared them with a number of news organisations, including the Bureau, before publishing them online in their entirety. The Bureau worked with Al Jazeera and Channel 4 to analyse the documents which detail torture, summary executions, and war crimes carried out by US forces.The Bureau's reporting received an Amnesty International Media Award.
The Bureau was seriously criticised after the Newsnight McAlpine affair in November 2012. BBC Newsnight broadcast an investigation of the North Wales child abuse scandal. The reporter was Angus Stickler who had been seconded to the BBC by the Bureau. Stickler's broadcast report included claims that a prominent, but unnamed, former Conservative politician had sexually abused children during the 1970s. Users of Twitter and other social media immediately identified him as Lord McAlpine. After The Guardian reported that it was mistaken identity, Lord McAlpine issued a strong denial. The accuser unreservedly apologised, admitting that, as soon as he saw a photograph of the individual, he realised he had been mistaken. BBC director-general George Entwistle resigned later that day. The Bureau's Managing Editor Ian Overton and Angus Stickler also resigned.
In 2019, the Bureau of Investigative Journalism started a crowdfunding exercise to raise funds for legal action to force the British government to release the "Russian Report" detailing the Intelligence and Security Committee's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 Brexit referendum.
Official website
Steve Biko Academic Hospital (formerly the Pretoria Academic Hospital and before 1994 called H F Verwoerd Hospital) of Pretoria, South Africa, previously located at what is now Tshwane District Hospital, is a purely tertiary training healthcare institution. It is the main teaching hospital of the University of Pretoria along with Kalafong Hospital in Atteridgeville to west of the city centre.
The hospital is named after South African anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko.
The first healthcare institution for Pretoria, was located near the military barracks in Potgieter Street.
On 21 June 1890 President S. J. Paul Kruger laid the foundation stone of the new 130-bed Volkshospitaal. Despite numerous expansions, and underlined by the flu epidemic of 1918, the hospital became inadequate for the city's population.
On 22 April 1927 the foundation stone was laid for the existing hospital the Pretoria General Hospital. In 1967 it was renamed the H F Verwoerd Hospital, in 1997 to the Pretoria Academic Hospital and finally in 2008 to the Steve Biko Academic Hospital. In 2006 the hospital relocated with the old Pretoria Academic Hospital building becoming the Tshwane District Hospital.
The University of Pretoria Faculty of Health Sciences, established in 1943, formed an academic alliance with the hospital.
The hospital registered a coat of arms at the Bureau of Heraldry in 1977 : Gules, a caduceus Or surmounted  by  an  amphora enflamed Argent.
List of hospitals in South Africa
The Jan Pier House is a historic home located at Rhinebeck, Dutchess County, New York. The farmhouse was built about 1761 and remodeled about 1881 in a Second Empire style. It is a one- to two story, asymmetrical stone building built into a hillside. It features a Mansard roof sheathed in polychrome slate.  Also on the property are two contributing barns, a smoke house, wellhouse / well, and a cistern.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rhinebeck, New York
Nykara was an ancient Egyptian official of the Fifth Dynasty. His highest positions were that of an overseer of the double granaries and overseer of the granary of the residence. He was also priest at the sun-temple of king Niuserre. Nykara is known from a number of monuments all coming from his tomb at Saqqara. Its exact position is unknown.A painted limestone statue of Nykara and his family at the Brooklyn Museum (acc. no. 49.215) features him seated and clenching his right fist.
See "The Old Kingdom and First Intermediate Period," 408 KB pdf-file, Cleveland Museum of Art, pp. 52–53. Note too that footnote 2 (referring to the short rod in his right hand as folded cloth) on page 51 references Henry G. Fischer, "An Elusive Shape within the Fisted Hands of Egyptian Statues" in Ancient Egypt, pp. 143–155, for which no date is provided but most probably refers to: ISBN 0-87099-222-8 and ISBN 0-87099-159-0.
See also Statue of Nykara and his family and Audio Tours: Statue of Nykara and his family, Brooklyn Museum.
Strudwick, Nigel (1985). The Administration of Egypt in the Old Kingdom: The Highest Titles and Their Holders (PDF). Studies in Egyptology. London; Boston: Kegan Paul International. ISBN 978-0-7103-0107-9.
Mardi Gras Casino and Resort is a casino located in the city of Nitro, West Virginia.  It is located just off the Cross Lanes exit of I-64, 14 miles west of Charleston, West Virginia and 36 miles east of Huntington, West Virginia. Although it is located within the city of Nitro, it is served by the neighboring Cross Lanes post office.
It features table games, slot machines, live greyhound racing, and off-track betting for both greyhound and horse racing.  It also features several restaurants, food operations and a 150-room luxury hotel.  The facility has a Mardi Gras theme.
The track expanded its casino offerings in 2008, as casino gambling was legalized in 2007.  It currently has a large poker room, and offers the table games of blackjack, roulette, craps, three card poker, Mississippi stud, and 
Crisscross Poker.
The casino was known previously as Tri-State Racetrack and Gaming Center before the addition of table games, and Tri-State Casino and Resort until the name was changed to reflect its Mardi Gras theme in July 2010.In March 2018, Hartman & Tyner sold the property to Delaware North, the owner of the state's only other greyhound racing track, Wheeling Island Hotel-Casino-Racetrack.
List of casinos in West Virginia
List of casino hotels
Mardi Gras Casino and Resort
Fox Reality Channel was a American pay television channel. It was launched on May 24, 2005 and was owned by the Fox Entertainment Group. It featured many shows that were originally on the Fox network (or produced by Fox). The channel also featured reality shows syndicated from other networks (such as ABC, CBS, NBC, The CW and MyNetworkTV), as well as many international shows from the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand.
In October 2009, it was announced that Fox Reality Channel would be discontinued on most providers on March 29, 2010 and re-branded as an American version of Nat Geo Wild.On that date, the channel's old website was taken down and redirected to its archived programming on Hulu.com, as well as Nat Geo Wild's new site. Nat Geo Wild was launched on Dish Network on April 19, 2010. DirecTV removed Fox Reality and added Nat Geo Wild on June 30, 2010.
The Academy, provides a behind-the-scenes look at police recruits of the Los Angeles Sheriff's Academy as they go through an 18-week training course to become deputies of the County Sheriff's Department. The program premiered in May 2007, and is shared with sister broadcast network MyNetworkTV.
American Idol Extra, The official aftershow of the immensely popular American Idol.  This show includes behind-the-scenes footage and interviews with contestants who have been eliminated.
Battle of the Bods is a reality show in which five girls rank themselves in order of attractiveness and try to match the rankings of a panel of male judges. Hosted by Olivia Lee, the program premiered January 19, 2008.
Busted and Disgusted is an original series bringing viewers clips of the most outrageous behavior caught on camera. The show premiered on April 1, 2009.
Camp Reality, Burton Roberts (Survivor: Pearl Islands) organizes a trip into the California woods for a number of his former reality-show friends for a series of fun contests, including water-orb races and a milk chugging contest. Friends who participated in this event included Toni Ferrari (Paradise Hotel), Rebecca Cardon (The Amazing Race 6 and Work Out), Brennan Swain (co-winner of The Amazing Race 1), Coral Smith (The Real World and several MTV Challenges), Nikki McKibbin (American Idol), Michelle Deighton (America's Next Top Model, Cycle 4), and Jon "Jonny Fairplay" Dalton.
Corkscrewed, follows American Idol producers Ken Warwick and Nigel Lythgoe as they purchase a vineyard in Paso Robles, California, and encounter the vagaries of the wine business.  The program premiered on November 30, 2006.
Gimme My Reality Show! has a group of seven former celebrities compete to win their own reality show.
Househusbands of Hollywood, follows the lives of five men who manage households in families in which their wives earn the majority of the household income. The 10-episode series premiered on Saturday, August 15, 2009.
Long Way Down, profiles actor Ewan McGregor as he bikes through 18 countries, riding from John o' Groats in Scotland to Cape Town in South Africa.
Rob and Amber: Against the Odds, follows the lives of reality couple Rob Mariano and Amber Mariano as Rob tries to become a professional poker player.
My Bare Lady, gives adult film stars the opportunity to try out different careers. The program premiered on December 7, 2006.
Paradise Hotel 2, follows a group of single men and women who live together for a period in an exclusive resort.  The program premiered February 4, 2008 and was shared by MyNetworkTV.
Seducing Cindy, follows Cindy Margolis, once the most downloaded woman on the Internet, as she searches for a new love. The program premiered on January 30, 2010 at 9:00PM Eastern/8:00PM Central.
Solitary, turns the concept of solitary confinement into a game show.  The program, which features an unseen host presiding over "treatments", or challenges, premiered on June 5, 2006.
The Search for the Next Elvira, 13 contestants vie for the chance to become Elvira's newest 'handmaiden of the dark' in a Fox Reality Channel original series. The program premiered on October 13, 2007.
Sex Decoy: Love Stings, set inside the private life and professional world of Sandra Hope and "Mate Check Private Investigations". Each episode chronicles specific cases in which a spouse or significant other hires Sandra and her team of decoys to "tempt" their potentially wayward lover and expose infidelity. The show also follows the ups and downs of Sandra's dysfunctional family, including her daughters and her fiance Thomas Scharrer, who work for her as decoys. The program premiered on May 23, 2009.
Smile...You're Under Arrest!, uses elaborate sting set-ups to lure wanted-criminals out of hiding. Improvisational actors assist with the scenarios before police officers arrest the criminal. The program premiered on December 27, 2008.
Fox Reality Channel Reality Awards
MyNetworkTV - sister network with a once mostly-reality format.
Nittoor Srinivasa Rao or Nittur Srinivasa Rao (24 August 1903 – 12 August 2004) was a Gandhian who participated in the Indian independence movement. He was the Chief Justice of the High Court of Mysore State (now Karnataka) and also the first chief of the Central Vigilance Commission of India. He was also chosen as the acting Governor of the Mysore state and was the first person to translate Mahatma Gandhi's autobiography to the Kannada language.
Nittoor Srinivasa Rau was born in Bangalore into an educated, middle-class Smartha Brahmin family of Mysore state. His father, Nittoor Shamanna, was a school teacher and the head master of a school in Hosadurga in Chitradurga district. His mother, Seethamma, was the sister of M. N. Krishna Rao, a government official who, many decades later, would serve as acting Diwan of Mysore for a few months in 1941. Rau's family hailed from the village of Nittoor in  Gubbi Taluka of Tumkur district (now in Karnataka), and his family was known by the name of their village in the usual south Indian style. Rau's elder sister Puttamma was the mother of C.K.Nagaraja Rao, a noted Kannada litterateur who was nurtured and mentored by Rau.
As per Indian tradition, Rau's parents arranged a suitable match for him, and he was married in 1923 at a very young age (he was twenty and his wife was fourteen) to his first cousin Padmamma, daughter of his maternal uncle M. N. Krishna Rao. The marriage, which was entirely harmonious and conventional and lasted all their lives, was blessed with four children, two sons and two daughters. The couple's elder son, N.S. Chandrasekhara, was a Senior Advocate, Littérateur and noted historian of princely Mysore. Their second son, N.S. Subbanna, retired as corporate vice-president of the Kirloskar Electric Company, Bangalore. Rau named his elder daughter Jayaseetha in honour of his beloved mother (Seethamma) and of the then Maharaja of Mysore, Jayachamaraja Wodeyar. She was married, in a match arranged by Rau in the traditional Indian way, to Dr. Visvanatha Premanand, a gentleman of their own community and similar social background. Dr. Premanand, a physicist, took his PhD from the Sorbonne in France and is a professor at the University of Minnesota. Rau's younger daughter, Lalita, worked as a teacher of the visually impaired for many years before she retired to spend time with her grandchildren. She was married to the world renowned physicist Prof. E.C.G.Sudarshan
Rau did his initial schooling in Kannada medium schools at Hosadurga, Challakere and Shimoga before enrolling in Central College, Bangalore, affiliated at that time to Madras University. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science and joined National High School, Bangalore as a teacher of Science and Mathematics. After a few years, he went back to studies, enrolled in Madras Law College, and took the degree of Bachelor of Law in 1927.
After completing his degree in law, Nittoor Srinivasa Rau returned to Bangalore and started his career as a lawyer. In 1952, he was chosen as the first chairman of the Mysore state Bar council. He was appointed as the Advocate General of the Mysore state by the Chief Minister, Kengal Hanumanthaiah in 1953. After the formation of the state of Karnataka, he was appointed as the Chief Justice of the Karnataka High Court in 1961. When the Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru, started the Central Vigilance Commission of India in February 1964 to check corruption, he chose Nittoor Srinivasa Rau as the first Central Vigilance Commissioner of India.
When he turned 18, Nittoor Srinivasa Rau joined the Indian National Congress. In the 1930s and 1940s, he participated in the Indian independence movement. He worked for the Mysore state unit of the Congress and actively participated in the Civil Disobedience Movement. In 1932, he also ran the Congress state unit office in Dharwad. During the Quit India Movement of 1942, he provided shelter to Congress leaders such as Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay, R. R. Diwakar, and U. S. Mallya.
In the early 1920s, he was influenced by the principles of Mahatma Gandhi, and when Gandhi visited Bangalore in 1927, Nittoor Srinivasa Rao took permission from him to translate his autobiography to Kannada. He and his wife assumed the title Ibbaru Kannadigaru and started translating the autobiography, which was then published in the form of a serial in the Kannada newspapers, Vishwa Karnataka and Lokmata. He named the translation as Satyashodhana (In pursuit of truth). To promote the Gandhian principles, he became the president of Karnataka Gandhi Smaaraka Nidhi (Karnataka Gandhi Memorial Trust) and Gandhi Peace Foundation. He also started a khadi unit to promote the use of khadi.
Nittoor Srinivasa Rau became a member of the Kannada Sahitya Parishat in 1922. When he realized the need of a publication to publish Kannada books, he started his own publishing house called Satyashodhana Prakatana Mandira (Satyashodhana Publication House) and an associated book store called Satyashodhana Pustaka Mandira. One of the important books published by him was Bala Prapancha, a collection of stories for children written by the renowned Shivaram Karanth. He also published the works of C. K. Venkataramaiya, Kuvempu, Gorur Ramaswamy Iyengar and G. P. Rajarathnam. Srinivasa Rau was also influenced by the Kannada writer, D. V. Gundappa and joined his social institute, The Gokhale Institute of Public Affairs. In 1975, he became an honorary secretary of the institute and continued in the post for sometime whereafter he bequeathed the post to eminent journalist, writer and social activist S. R. Ramaswamy. He also worked towards introducing Kannada as a medium of instruction in schools to educate a large population of students who may not know English.
Even in his later years, Nittoor Srinivasa Rau continued to take interests in the activities of the Gokhale institute. The Government of Karnataka honoured him by naming one of the prominent roads in Bangalore after his name. In 2002, he was also felicitated by the Government for his contribution in the field of literature and promotion of human values. He joined the Senior Citizen's Club in Bangalore, which was a forum started to look at the welfare of senior citizens. He was also interested in music, and was the President of the Percussive Arts Centre in Bangalore which was an organisation started to promote percussive arts. He passed 100 years in 2003, and died on 12 August 2004, 12 days short of his 101st birthday .
C.K.Nagaraja Rao, Rao's nephew and mentee
Semalea atrio, the small silky skipper, is a butterfly in the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and north-western Tanzania. The habitat consists of primary forests.
The Wyoming State Fair is a largely agricultural exposition and rodeo held every August in Douglas in Converse County in southeastern Wyoming. The fairgrounds are located on west Yellowstone Highway on the waterside of North Platte River. The state fair began in 1886 as the “First Annual Wyoming Territorial Fair near Cheyenne. After events in Laramie, Sheridan and Casper Douglas won the nomination in 1905 to host the fair thereafter. There were no fair events in 1935 to 1937 during the Depression and none in 1942 to 1945 because of World War IIThe 2012 State Fair, the centennial of the event, was held from August 11-18th, with singer Dierks Bentley headlining the first ever sold-out concert at the fair in Douglas.The 101st fair opened on August 10, 2013. It hosted the country musicians Hunter Hayes and Brantley Gilbert.Despite the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the fair resisted cancellation. Since that year, masks are required and all attendees must adhere to social distancing guidelines.
The state fair is officially sanctioned by the Wyoming Department of Agriculture.
During the fair, a maximum of 455 camping places are available on the south side of the fairgrounds; parking space is limited.
Wyoming Pioneer Association
Wyoming State Fair: Official Website
Oslo Kajakklubb is a sports club from Oslo, Norway.
Established on 1 March 1931, its only sport is canoe racing. It is based at Bestumkilen outside of Skøyen, sharing the locality with the rowing club Bestumkilen RK. Member-wise, the club languished under the 1000 mark until the early 2000s, when membership was more than doubled. Among its 2,200 members in 2012, 40% were female.Well-known members include 1936 Olympian Ivar Iversen, 1948 Olympic bronze medallist Eivind Skabo, 1976 Olympian Morten Opsahl, 1984 Olympian Finn Borchgrevink, and 2000 Olympic gold medallist Knut Holmann.Among its head coaches are Tom Selvik. Among its chairmen of the board are Gerhard Aspheim. At times, the club has also had the chair and vice chair of the Norwegian Canoe Association, such as in 1961 with Reidar Webster and Ivar Iversen respectively.
Official site
Cala Millor is a tourist destination on the Spanish Balearic Island of Mallorca. It consists of a small bay in the municipalities of Son Servera and Sant Llorenç des Cardassar.
With over 5,000 inhabitants, it is the largest tourist resort on the east coast of the island. The area is within an hour's drive of the capital Palma de Mallorca. Cala Millor (which means "Better Bay") is also situated close to the tourist resorts of Sa Coma and Cala Bona ("Good Bay").
The island's main airport, Palma de Mallorca Airport, on the east side of Palma de Mallorca, is 70 kilometers south of Cala Millor.
The first tourist accommodation, the Hotel Eureka was built in 1933.  At present the town has 61 hotels and about 65 self-catering apartments.
The beach at Cala Millor is 1.8 kilometres long. On average it has got an amplitude of 30m to 35m.
Cala Millor Official Website
Cala Millor website
Cala Millor Tourist Guide
Cala Millor portal
Major General Johnson Hagood (June 16, 1873 – December 22, 1948) was born in Orangeburg, South Carolina, graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1896 (Cullum Number 3691), was commissioned in the artillery, and served in France in World War I, where he created the Services of Supply. He retired in 1936 after publicly criticizing New Deal funding.
Garrison service in Rhode Island, Connecticut, and South Carolina from 1896–1901.
Instructor in the department of philosophy, U.S. Military Academy, 1901–04.
Assistant to chief of artillery, Washington, D.C., 1905–07.
Member of the General Staff Corps, 1908.
Aide de camp to Maj. Gen. J.F. Bell, 1908–10.
Assistant to Major General Leonard Wood, re-detailed to General Staff Corps until 1912.
Commander Fort Flagler, Washington, 1912–13.
Overseas service in the Philippines, 1913–15.
Various commands, Coastal Defense, 1915–17.
Commander, 7th Regiment, 1st Expeditionary Brigade, Coast Artillery Corps, July 16, 1917.
He arrived in France on Sept. 11, 1917, and fought near Soissons, September to October.
He organized and commanded the advance section Line of Communications, A.E.F.
He served in command Neufchateau, Nov. 1 to Dec. 1, and as Chief of Staff, Line of Communications, Dec. 2. He was assigned to the General Staff, A.E.F., on Jan. 10, 1918.
He served as President of the board that reorganized the A.E.F. staff and created the Services of Supply (S.O.S.). He served as chief of staff S.O.S. until Armistice.
He was in battle sectors along American, French, and British fronts, June–July 1918 and participated in the Meuse-Argonne offensive, Oct. 1918.
He was appointed commander 20th C.A. Brigade and was transferred to the 66th F.A. Brigade.
He represented the American Army in replying to address of Marshal Joffre, Paris, May 12, 1918.
On Dec. 31, 1918, he crossed the Rhein River and established headquarters at Hohr, Germany.
Commanded army artillery of Third Army and corps artillery of 3d Corps.
Served in the Army of Occupation until May 16, 1919, when he sailed for the U.S.
He was assigned to command 30th Brigade (Ry.), C.A.C., and Camp Eustis, Va., Nov. 24, 1919.
Commanded South Atlantic Coast Artillery District., Nov. 1920 to Sep. 1921.
Commander, Fort Stotsenburg, P.I., Feb. 1, 1922.
Commander, 2d Coast Art., Dist., Ft. Totten, N.Y., August 1924.
Commander, 4th Corps Area, Oct. 5, 1925 to March 1927.
Commander Philippine Division, April 1927 to June 1929.
Commander, Seventh Corps Area August 1929 to October 1933.
Commander, 4th Army Area 1932–33.
Commander, Third Army and 8th Corps Area, 1933–36.
Among his inventions were the Hagood tripod mount, mortar deflection board, and other apparatus connected with sea-coast defense.
Toward the end of the career, Hagood was embroiled in political controversy when he criticized President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's New Deal, saying their funding was "stage money". Soon after his comments became public on February 10, 1936, he was relieved from command of the Eighth Corps Area (headquartered at Fort Sam Houston, Texas). Hagood requested a meeting with Roosevelt to explain himself, and was granted three months leave. Hagood's friends in the U.S. Congress pressured Roosevelt to give him a new command, however, and less than half the leave had elapsed before he was given command of the Fifth Corps Area, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Just one day after assuming command May 1, he asked for and was granted immediate retirement. After one month of leave, he officially left the U.S. Army on May 31, 1936.
Hagood's decorations include the Distinguished Service Medal, Commander of the Legion of Honor (French), Commander Order of the Crown of Italy, Grand Officer Order of the Sacred Treasure (Japanese).  Hagood also received the Spanish Campaign Medal, Philippine Campaign Medal and World War I Victory Medal.
In 1927, General Hagood was admitted as an hereditary member of the South Carolina Society of the Cincinnati.
Brigadier General Johnson Hagood, U.S. Army. (General Orders No. 12, War Department, 1919.) As Chief of Staff of the Services of Supply of the American Expeditionary Forces in France, his ability for organization, his energy, and his sound judgement were factors in the efficiency of this important branch. By his marked zeal and aggressiveness he greatly added to the successful administration of the Services of Supply.
His homes were in Charleston, S.C., and San Antonio, Texas.Asked how to say his name, he told The Literary Digest: "The name, peculiar to the South, is pronounced in a southern way. During all the years of my boyhood in South Carolina, I never knew there was anything unusual about it, for I never heard it in any other way than as haig'-wood. The name was originally spelled Haguewood, and is still properly so pronounced."Hagood was the nephew of Confederate Brigadier General Johnson Hagood who commanded the troops at Fort Wagner during the attack by the Massachusetts 54th Infantry and served as Governor of South Carolina from 1880–1882.
Hagood died on December 22, 1948.
BibliographyAssociation of Graduates, U.S.M.A. Register of Graduates and Former Cadets. Cullum no. 3691.
Hagood, Johnson. The Services of Supply: A Memory of the Great War, 1927.
"R.O.T.C. – Key to National Defense". CavJrnl 40 (Sep–Oct 1931) p. 5.
We Can Defend America, 1937
Soldiers Handbook, 1946
Meet Your Grandfather, 1946
"Closing the Gap in National Defense". Saturday Evening Post
"I Had a Talk with the President". Saturday Evening Post
United States. American Decorations. Washington: U.S. Government Printing Office, 1927. p. 711.
The Women's Peace Council was a group that, during World War I, campaigned for a negotiated end to the conflict. The group's membership was mainly from the Women's Freedom League, a group made up of suffragettes. Many of its members were also pacifists. The Women's Peace Council was founded in 1915 because the leaders of the Women's Freedom League believed that the British government's anti-war efforts were insufficient in ending conflict during World War I and they wanted to bring about negotiated peace. The newly-formed Women's Peace Council is a rebirth of the Women's Peace Council from World War I, but it is now a global organization dedicated to peace and well-being, led by women. Their Facebook page describes the purpose of the group as follows: "The Women’s Peace Council will bring together people from different backgrounds to imagine a world without fear and hatred." The co-founders of the newly-formed Council are Tezikiah Gabriel, Jayne Hillman, and Deborah Greene. The Charter Members include Dimah Mahmoud, Rosa Davis, Kath Knight, Tracy Chapman, and Jennifer Carolyn King.
3 June 2019: The Women's Peace Council organized the "People's Banquet," or "Peace banquet," held in Parliament Square in London, to protest the visit of President Trump and his participation in the state banquet. This event was a partnership between the Women's Peace Council and ActionAid UK. Those participating were asked to wear blue and bring white flowers to represent peace. Speakers, singers, and other performers were part of the event, including a feminist fortune-teller.
Charlotte Despard: Women's Peace Council member and notable British suffragette. Despard was one of the original organizers for the Women's Freedom League and one of the organizers of the Women's Peace Crusade in 1916. Despard was also the 1918 Labour Party candidate in Battersea in the election after World War I, but she lost the election due to her unpopular pacifist, anti-war political views. She then went on to become the secretary for the Friends of Soviet Russia organization in 1930.Helen Crawfurd: Member of the Women's Peace Council and one of the organizers of the Glasgow branch of the Women's International League in 1915. She was also one of the organizers for the Women's Peace Crusade in 1916. In 1920 she was one of the founders of the Communist Party of Great Britain, and in 1927 she helped establish the League Against Imperialism.Teresa Billington-Greig: A member of the Women's Freedom League who went on to join the Women's Peace Council. She was appointed organizer of the Independent Labour Party in Manchester in 1904 and spent much of her life fighting for the rights of working-class women.Margaret Grace Bondfield: Member of the Women's Peace Council and Britain's first female cabinet minister; she served as the Minister of Labor in a government lead by the Labour Party. Bondfield dedicated her life to working to improve conditions and salaries for working women and campaigning for women's right to vote. In 1906, she helped to found the Women's Labour League and held positions in the Adult Suffrage Society, the National Union of Shop Assistants, and the Women's Labor League.
1907 –  Official members of the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU), which is a UK based organization, questioned Emmeline Pankhurst and Christabel Pankhurst, the leaders of WSPU. Members felt as though their leading members had too much influence over the organization. Months later in a September conference, Emmeline Pankhurst made it clear she'd continue being in charge of WSPU.Also in 1907 – Close to 80 members left the WSPU and formed the Women's Freedom League (WFL), which was also a militant organization.1914 – By this point there were about 4,000 members within the WFL, most pacifists, and so they turned down any chance to be involved in British Army's recruitment campaign. The WFL organization as a whole felt as though the government was not doing enough to bring the war to an end. It is because of this that they then supported the Women's Peace Crusade's campaign for negotiated peace.4 August 1914 – It was two days after the British government declared war on Germany that the National Union of Suffrage Societies (NUWSS) declared no political activity would be permitted until the conflict was over.1915 - Those within the Women's Freedom League founded the Women's Peace Council for a negotiated peace.
Live – Acoustic Tour 2006 is the seventh album by American singer/songwriter Maria McKee, released in 2006 (see 2006 in music).
"This World Is Not My Home"
"Peddlin' Dreams"
"Shelter"
"High Dive/Barstool Blues"
"Orange Skies" (Bryan MacLean)
"Breathe" (Maria McKee & Gregg Sutton)
"In The Long Run"
"Don't Toss Us Away" (MacLean)
"Belfry"
"A Good Heart"
"Sullen Soul"
"Blessed Salvation"
"Has He Got A Friend For Me" (Richard Thompson)
"Backstreets" (Bruce Springsteen)
Brendan Bell (born August 17, 1971 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American-born Canadian territorial level politician and former cabinet minister.He was first elected to the Northwest Territories Legislature in the 1999 Northwest Territories general election. He won the Yellowknife South district defeating former Yellowknife Mayor Pat McMahon. He was re-elected by acclamation in the 2003 Northwest Territories general election.At the beginning of his second term he was appointed to the Executive Council and has been appointed to three portfolios as Minister of Industry, Tourism and Investment, Minister of Justice and Minister Responsible for the Homeless.
He entered federal politics, where he contested the Western Arctic electoral district under the Conservative Party of Canada banner for the 2008 Canadian federal election but lost by 4.4% or 595 votes to incumbent NDP MP Dennis Bevington.
Mansfield Rangi (1936 – 14 February 1987) was a New Zealand cricket umpire. He stood in one ODI game in 1976.
List of One Day International cricket umpires
Gen. Leandro Locsin Fullon (March 13, 1877 - October 16, 1904) was a Filipino General and government administrator who fought against both the Spanish and Americans in insurgencies. 
A member of the Katipunan, Fullon helped organize the first revolutionary government in the Phillipines. He led the expeditionary forces to Panay and later established a Revolutionary Provincial Government in Antique. Fullon later became the first Filipino Governor of the Province of Antique.
Leandro Fullon was born on March 13, 1877 in Hamtic, Antique. He went to Colegio de San Juan de Letran in Manila in 1896. 
In 1897, Fullon joined the Katipunan to fight the Spanish in the Philippine Revolution. On September 6, 1898, Fullon, now a general in the Philippine forces, returned to Antique with 140 officers and 350 men under his command. After arriving in Antique on September 21, many local volunteers joined his forces.Fullon established a revolutionary government in Pandan and Culasi . On Nov. 22, 1898, Fullon's forces captured San Jose de Buenavista.  He formed a Revolutionary Provincial Government with Angel Salazar (Governor), Santos Capadocia (Vice Governor), Anacleto Villavert Jimenez and Jose Gontanilla (Council of Justice), Anselmo Alicante (Council of Internal Revenue) and Vicente Gella (Representative to Malolos Congress).Fullon's forces fought the Spanish in San Miguel, Pavia and outside Jaro in Iloilo City;. The new revolutionary government in Visayas later appointed Fullon as Politico-Military Governor of Antique.
On December 10, 1898, Spain ceded the Philippines to the United States to end the Spanish-American War.  When U.S. forces entered Iloilo on February 11, 1899,  Fullon joined in the resistance.  In early 1900, he returned to Antique to continue fighting.  On March 22, 1901 Fallon and the other resistance fighter were forced to surrender.
On April 15, 1901, the American authorities appointed Fullon Provincial Governor of Antique.  He held that position until his death in Oct. 16, 1904
Hopley Yeaton (1739 – May 14, 1812) was the first officer commissioned (March 21, 1791) under the Constitution of the United States by George Washington into the Revenue Marine (later known as the Revenue Cutter Service), one of the forerunners of the modern-day United States Coast Guard. The Coast Guard was created when Congress merged the Revenue Cutter Service with the US Lifesaving Service in 1915.
Born in Somersworth, New Hampshire, Yeaton was a veteran of the Continental Navy and the commanding officer of the Revenue Marine cutter Scammel. Yeaton probably brought along his slave, Senegal, during the Scammel's patrols, as was this practice was permitted by the Treasury Department at this time. Yeaton fired three of his crew after their first few months of service. The men had been in "open rebellion" over issues of pay and daily food rations—particularly after they learned that their fellow sailors on board the USRC Massachusetts received more and varied foods each day than they did.
The tomb of Hopley Yeaton lies on the grounds of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut. He was originally buried in Lubec, Maine, but in 1975 his burial site was threatened by modernization. The Corps of Cadets sailed the barque Eagle to Lubec, where his remains were exhumed and laid to rest at the Academy.
On August 2, 2008, in a bid to help affirm Grand Haven, Michigan, as "Coast Guard City USA", the Walk of History was revealed to the public at Coast Guard Station Grand Haven. The first point of history on the walk was the Hopley Yeaton Plaque, which was ceremonially unveiled by Vice Adm. Clifford Pearson and  Andrew Yeaton, a direct descendant of Hopley Yeaton.
Evans, Stephen H. (1949). The United States Coast Guard 1790–1915: A Definitive History. Naval Institute Press, Annapolis, Maryland. No ISBN
Kern, Florence (1975). Hopley Yeaton's U.S. Revenue Cutter Scammel, 1791-1798. "The most effectual check to the mischiefs. [sic]". Alised Enterprises, Washington, DC. No ISBN
King, Irving H. (1989). The Coast Guard Under Sail: The U.S. Revenue Cutter Service, 1789–1865. Naval Institute Press, Annapolis, Maryland. ISBN 978-0-87021-234-5.
Hopley Yeaton Genealogy
Coast Guard Monuments & Memorials
Captain Hopley Yeaton Memorial
History of the Scammel
Festival honors heritage in Walk of History
Yeaton biographical note
Tarkuni Punta (Aymara tarku a kind of tree; a certain bone at the neck, -ni a suffix, also spelled Tarcuni Punta) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia which reaches a height of approximately 3,720 m (12,200 ft). It is located in the Potosí Department, Nor Chichas Province, Cotagaita Municipality.
Sumatera Institute of Technology (Indonesian: Institut Teknologi Sumatera, abbreviated as ITERA) is a technology-focused public university based in South Lampung, Lampung, Indonesia.
ITERA was founded in 2014 as part of the implementation of the Master Plan for Acceleration and Expansion on Indonesia's Economic Development (Indonesian: Masterplan Percepatan dan Perluasan Pembangunan Ekonomi Indonesia) or MP3EI, together with Kalimantan Institute of Technology. It was created to increase the number of Indonesian STEM graduates since only two technology and science-focused public universities existed at the time, which was Bandung Institute of Technology and Sepuluh Nopember Institute of Technology. To ensure the quality of their program, ITERA had also entered a 10-year partnership with Bandung Institute of Technology.
ITERA’s logo is the shape of the Sumatra island in gold squares with a red square indicating Lampung, the location of ITERA. The color gold is chosen to represent the high quality of ITERA’s education, while the red color representing Lampung’s location is meant to highlight the courage, leadership, and innovation of ITERA in bringing Indonesia’s people to the world’s stage.
ITERA has three faculties and 31 programs, all of them at the undergraduate level. The following are the programs available in ITERA:
Urban and Regional Planning
Civil Engineering
Geomatics Engineering
Architecture
Environmental Engineering
Ocean Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Visual Communication Design
Railway Engineering
Mathematics
Physics
Chemistry
Biology
Atmospheric and Planetary Science
Pharmacy
Actuarial Science
Data Science
Ocean Environment Science
Electrical Engineering
Geophysics Engineering
Informatics Engineering
Machine Engineering
Industrial Engineering
Geological Engineering
Energy Systems Engineering
Chemical Engineering
Physics Engineering
Material Engineering
Telecommunications Engineering
Mining Engineering
Food Technology
Agricultural Industry Technology
Biosystem Engineering
Forestry Engineering
Biomedical Engineering
ITERA was ranked as the 134th best university in Indonesia according to Webometrics’ 2021 report.
The Northern Beaches Secondary College (abbreviated as NBSC) is a multi-campus government-funded co-educational dual-modality partially selective and comprehensive secondary day school, located on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. 
The College was established 2003 through the merger and restructure of six existing campuses located in the northern beaches region. The College caters for approximately 2,900 students from Year 7 to Year 12. The school is operated by the New South Wales Department of Education; the principal is  Stacey Exner, who administers the College from a campus located on Harbord Road, Freshwater. 
The five campuses that comprise the Northern Beaches Secondary College, are:
Balgowlah Boys Campus, a single-sex comprehensive secondary school for boys only, from Year 7 to Year 12;
Cromer Campus, a co-educational  comprehensive secondary school, from Year 7 to Year 12;
Freshwater Senior Campus, a co-educational senior secondary school, from Year 11 to Year 12;
Mackellar Girls Campus, a single-sex comprehensive secondary school for girls only, from Year 7 to Year 12; and
Manly Selective Campus, a co-educational, selective secondary school, from Year 7 to Year 12.
The establishment of the Northern Beaches Secondary College resulted from a review of secondary education, conducted by the Northern Beaches Secondary Principals Council, in 1999. The Secondary Education Review Committee was set up to investigate and report on the provision of secondary education in the Northern Beaches District. Representatives from all stakeholders, secondary and primary schools, parents, the NSW Teachers Federation, Department of Education and Training, the District P&C Association and Technical and Further Education (TAFE), were invited to be part of this committee.The Committee conducted a district wide review of secondary education which resulted in over 50 submissions from individuals, groups and stakeholder. These were submitted to the Committee in December, 1999. From these submissions the Committee then developed a series of recommendations which forwarded to the Department of Education and Training. The Department, in consultation with the District, developed a model for the restructuring of secondary education in the lower peninsula area of the Northern Beaches. This model was launched in June 2000, by the then Minister for Education and Training, the Hon. John Aquilina, under the name of New Horizons.The model proposed by the Department saw six of the existing 7 - 12 high schools restructured as a multi-campus College. The six existing high schools were:
Balgowlah Boys High School – boys only; Year 7 - 12
Beacon Hill High School – co-educational; Year 7 - 12
Freshwater High School – co-educational; Year 7 - 12
Cromer High School – co-educational; Year 7 - 12
Manly High School – co-educational and selective; Year 7 - 12
Mackellar Girls High School – girls only; Years 7 - 12A concept document for the Freshwater Senior Campus was launched in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in early March, 2001 by the then Minister, The Hon. John Aquilina. This document was to inform the development of the 'Freshwater Education Centre' which comprises the Northern Beaches Secondary College - Freshwater Senior Campus, TAFE NSW Northern Sydney Institute – Freshwater facility and the College Administration Centre. The document also outlined the relationship of these two to the University of Technology, Sydney, the third party to the New Horizons concept.The inaugural College Principal, John Hayes, was appointed in March 2001 and a period of intense development followed. A College Administration Centre was set up at Northern Beaches District Office and a College Development Co-ordinator appointed at the beginning of April, 2001. During 2001 a College Deputy Principal and three Head Teachers joined the College Administration Centre. The role of the College Administration team was to ensure the successful implementation of the College model.Of importance in the Northern Beaches Secondary College model is the presence of five senior Campuses which have a coordinated curriculum giving students the opportunity to study on more than one Campus of the College during their senior years. The College operates a bus between Campuses.The College, in its final configuration, came into existence with the movement of students onto the new Freshwater Senior Campus at the beginning of Term 2, 2003. Freshwater Senior Campus students are given first priority when enrolments are considered.
List of government schools in New South Wales
List of selective high schools in New South Wales
Education in Australia
Northern Beaches Secondary College website
Balgowlah Boys website
Cromer website
Freshwater Senior website
Mackellar Girls website
Manly Selective website
Erio Tosatti (born 9 November 1943 in Nonantola) is an Italian theoretical physicist active at the International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA),  and at the Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP), both in Trieste, Italy.  He is a broad-scope theorist who carried out research on a  wide range of condensed matter physics phenomena. His early work dealt with optical properties, electron energy loss, theory of excitons and nonlocal dielectric response  in solids, including layer crystals such as graphite and semiconductors; charge- and spin-density-waves;  surface physics in all its aspects, particularly reconstruction, roughening and melting, also in clusters; the prediction the Berry phase in fullerene; the first calculated STM map of graphite, now a standard in the field; matter at extreme pressures: carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, CO2, iron at earth core conditions, water and ammonia at deep planetary conditions, pressure-induced insulator-metal transitions in layer compounds like MoS2. In nanophysics, he and his group predicted helical structures of metal nanowires; the spontaneous magnetism of metal nanocontacts, including the electronic circumstances for normal or ferromagnetic Kondo effect therein. His and his collaborator's theory of strongly correlated superconductivity was recently confirmed in compounds such as Cs3C60. Pioneering papers on quantum annealing are now basic to current developments in quantum computing.  More recently he moved on to the theory of nanofriction, a field where he  obtained the ERC Advanced Grant MODPHYSFRICT 2013-2019, and subsequently, as co-PI with an experimental group, another  ERC Advanced Grant ULTRADISS 2019-2024 .  More details of his current and past research activity can be found here.
Born of a peasant family,  he made it to the renowned Istituto tecnico industriale Fermo Corni  high school of Modena, where his early subjects were  technical and practical—electronics, nuclear technology, etc. Skills that allowed him to earn a living as a technician in a human physiology research laboratory while studying physics at the local Universita' di Modena.   Associated from boyhood to Modena's  renowned Societa' Corale Rossini directed by Livio Borri, a great music teacher, he sang for some years opera and church music within the choir which included among others the young Luciano Pavarotti.
His physics degree (Universita' di Modena 1967) was on pion-nucleon phase shift dispersion relations, a subject suggested by Daniele Amati.  Admitted to doctoral studies in Pisa's famous Scuola Normale Superiore  he switched to the burgeoning field of solid state physics in the freshly established research group of Franco G. Bassani working on the optical properties of semiconductors.  His  doctoral work (Scuola Normale Superiore, Pisa 1970) employed optical and electron energy loss data along with dispersion relations typical of high energy physics  to work out the  anisotropic dielectric tensor of graphite, later useful in the context of graphene.
After serving as a weather forecast under-lieutenant  (GARF) for his (then compulsory) military service in the Italian Air Force,  he moved to University of Rome—where he also collaborated with Ugo Fano—with a researcher position of Italy's National Research Council (CNR) .  That position allowed him freedom to leave for a joint 18-month long  Royal Society -  NATO fellowship to the Cavendish Laboratory, at the University of Cambridge, UK, where in 1972-73 he collaborated with Philip W. Anderson. He also spent most of 1974 with a DFG fellowship at the University of Stuttgart in the group of Hermann Haken and most of 1977 at Stanford University, in the group of Sebastian Doniach .
From Rome he was called to Trieste in 1977 by Abdus Salam and Paolo Budinich to start within the  International Centre for Theoretical Physics  the  ICTP Condensed Matter Theory Group, now flourishing. In 1980 he also became a professor at the newly established  International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA), where he founded and directed for 27 years the Condensed Matter Theory group, and where he still works.  From 1977 onwards his double involvement with SISSA and ICTP kept him in Trieste, with the exception of a sabbatical year at the IBM Zurich Research Laboratory where in 1984-85 he also collaborated with K. Alex Muller, as well as with Heinrich Rohrer and Gerd Binnig.  His strong connection to the  ICTP  also brought him to serve as  Director in 2002-2003.
Tosatti was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 2001, a corresponding member of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei in 2006,  a foreign member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences in 2011, a member of the Accademia Istituto Lombardo in 2012,  a winner of the 2018 Enrico Fermi Prize of the Italian Physical Society, https://en.sif.it/activities/fermi_award and in 2019 a foreign member of the  Chinese Academy of Sciences, the only Italian to be so honored.
For his research he  had also been awarded the Burstein Lecture of the University of Pennsylvania in 1994, the Francesco Somaini Prize in 1997, and a vast number of invited colloquia and named lectures worldwide.
For  his long-lasting efforts in favor of scientists in less fortunate countries  he was awarded the 2005 AIP Tate Medal whose citation states that [Tosatti] ”has probably left much deeper marks in many countries than most of the programs that make the headlines”.  For these merits the Spirit of Abdus Salam award was also bestowed upon him in August 2020.
Creeting St Mary Pits is a 5.4 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest south Creeting St Mary in Suffolk, England. It is a Geological Conservation Review site.These former quarries are the type site for the 'Creeting Sands', which are believed to be intertidal and shallow marine deposits from an early Pleistocene interglacial. It is described by Natural England as a key stratigraphic site.This site is in three areas, and there is public access to the southern one, but not to the northern ones.
The 1974–75 season was the 95th season of competitive football in England.
4 July 1974: Don Revie accepts the offer from The Football Association to become the new manager of the England national football team, ending 13 years as manager of Leeds United, the defending league champions.12 July 1974: Bill Shankly stuns Liverpool by announcing his retirement after 15 years as manager. He is to be succeeded by 55-year-old coach Bob Paisley.30 July 1974: Leeds United's search for a new manager ends with the appointment of Brian Clough, who had managed Third Division side Brighton & Hove Albion since November after his controversial dismissal from Derby County, the side he managed to title glory in 1972. However, he is not joined at Elland Road by his long serving assistant Peter Taylor, who is promoted to the manager's seat at the Goldstone Ground.10 August 1974: This year's FA Charity Shield is played at Wembley Stadium between league champions Leeds United and FA Cup holders Liverpool, both sides having appointed new managers for the first time in over a decade. The match ends in a 1–1 draw and Liverpool win 6–5 on penalties, but it is marred by the dismissal of Leeds captain Billy Bremner and Liverpool striker Kevin Keegan.17 August 1974: The First Division season begins with Brian Clough's first League match in charge of Leeds United ending in a 3–0 defeat to Stoke City. Carlisle United, in the First Division for the first time in their history, win 2–0 at Chelsea, and Manchester City beat West Ham United 4–0. Manchester United play their first game outside the top flight since 1938, beating Orient 2–0 at Brisbane Road in the opening Second Division fixture. Football hooliganism was rife at the Orient match, with reports of clashes between United supporters, "smashed subway trains" and fighting in the ground.24 August 1974: Carlisle United move to the top of the league after winning their first three games in the First Division. In the Second Division, Old Trafford hosts its first Second Division game in 36 years as Manchester United beat Millwall 4–0, with Gerry Daly scoring a hat-trick and Stuart Pearson scoring the other goal.31 August 1974: At the end of August, champions Liverpool have gained the lead of the First Division under new manager Bob Paisley, one point ahead of Ipswich Town, Everton and Manchester City, whose 2–1 defeat of Leeds United leaves the champions just one point off the bottom.12 September 1974: Brian Clough is sacked after 44 days and six league matches in charge of Leeds United, who have won just once in the league and stand 19th of 22 clubs in the First Division. He receives a pay-off in the region of £98,000.14 September 1974: Leeds United lose 2–1 to Burnley in their first match after the departure of Brian Clough.30 September 1974: With eight wins from their first ten games, Ipswich Town top the First Division table at the end of September. They lead Manchester City by two points. At the bottom, Queens Park Rangers, Tottenham Hotspur, Arsenal and Leeds United are level on points.4 October 1974: After nearly a month, Leeds United finally appoint a successor to Brian Clough by naming Jimmy Armfield of Bolton Wanderers as their new manager.5 October 1974: Leeds United beat Arsenal 2–0 at Elland Road to send the Gunners, who have been in the First Division since 1919, to the bottom of the table.22 October 1974: Don Revie's first England squad is announced, featuring six U23 players without full senior caps: Kevin Beattie of Ipswich Town, Middlesbrough's Willie Maddren, Birmingham City forward Trevor Francis, Stoke City's Alan Hudson and QPR pair Gerry Francis and Dave Thomas.30 October 1974: England beat Czechoslovakia 3–0 at Wembley in a European Championship qualifier, Don Revie's first match as manager.31 October 1974: Liverpool have regained top spot in the First Division at the end of the month, one point ahead of Manchester City. Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur continue to struggle in the relegation zone, where they have been joined by Luton Town.9 November 1974: Manchester City take over at the top of the First Division as Liverpool lose 3–1 at home to Arsenal.20 November 1974: England are held to a goalless draw by Portugal in their second 1976 European Championship qualifier.30 November 1974: Stoke City beat Leicester City 1–0 to move to the top of the First Division, but just three points separate the top nine clubs. Carlisle United's early form has deserted them, and they now lie in the relegation zone with Luton Town and Chelsea.7 December 1974: Manchester United come back from being 3–1 down against Sheffield Wednesday to draw 4–4. An eight-man on-pitch "brawl" breaks out in the match between Carlisle United and Arsenal.11 December 1974: Derby County's UEFA Cup campaign is ended at the third round stage by Velež, leaving Leeds United as Britain's only club still in any of the European competitions. Newcastle United retain the Texaco Cup after beating ten-man Southampton 3–1 on aggregate.18 December 1974: Fourth Division Chester reach the semi-finals of the Football League Cup after beating Newcastle United 1–0 in a replay. Middlesbrough lose 3–0 to Manchester United, incredibly leaving no First Division clubs in the competition.31 December 1974: At the end of the year, the race for the First Division title remains remarkably close, with five points separating the top thirteen teams. Ipswich Town lead the table, alongside last year's Second Division champions Middlesbrough. Chelsea have moved out of the relegation zone at the expense of Leicester City.4 January 1975: Isthmian League Leatherhead reach the fourth round of the FA Cup by beating Brighton & Hove Albion 1–0. They are joined by Southern League side Wimbledon, who win 1–0 away to First Division Burnley. Non-league Altrincham and Wycombe Wanderers hold First Division opponents, Everton and Middlesbrough respectively, to draws.7 January 1975: Third Division underdogs Walsall knock Manchester United out of the FA Cup by winning the third round replay 3-2 at Fellows Park, three days after the first match at Old Trafford ended in a goalless draw.
11 January 1975: Ipswich beat high-flying Middlesbrough and register their fifteenth win of the season to go top of the First Division, but seven other clubs are within three points of the Suffolk club. Everton, in second, put three past bottom club Leicester without reply, and sit one point off the lead. Division Two leaders Manchester United opened up a six-point gap at the summit with a victory over Sheffield Wednesday, while Sunderland in second were beaten by lowly Portsmouth.18 January 1975: Everton, who have lost just three League games so far, take over leadership of the First Division with a 3–0 win over Birmingham City. Ipswich Town and Burnley are one point behind.22 January 1975: Aston Villa and Norwich City complete aggregate victories in their League Cup semi-finals over Chester and Manchester United respectively.25 January 1975: Wimbledon hold Leeds United to a 0–0 draw at Elland Road in the FA Cup fourth round. Leatherhead's run comes to an end with a 3–2 defeat to Leicester City. FA Cup holders Liverpool are knocked out of this season's competition 1–0 by Ipswich Town. Walsall's FA Cup run continues with a 1-0 home win over last season's runners-up Newcastle United.10 February 1975: Wimbledon's FA Cup run finally ends in the fourth round replay with a 1–0 defeat to Leeds United.15 February 1975: Walsall's FA Cup run comes to an end in the fifth round when they lose 1-0 at Birmingham City.
28 February 1975: At the end of February, the destination of the League title is no clearer, as five points separate the top half of the First Division, which Everton led by one point from Stoke City and Burnley. Carlisle United have dropped to last place, one point behind Luton Town and Leicester City.1 March 1975: Aston Villa beat Norwich City 1–0 in the all-Second Division final of the League Cup at Wembley, ending their 14-year wait for a major trophy which began when they won the first ever League Cup8 March 1975: Second Division Fulham beat Carlisle United 1–0 in the FA Cup quarter-finals. West Ham United and Birmingham City join them in the last four.12 March 1975: England beat world champions West Germany 2–0 in a friendly in their 100th international at Wembley.15 March 1975: Wolverhampton Wanderers beat Chelsea 7–1 in the biggest win of the First Division season. Ipswich Town beat Newcastle United 5–4, but Everton now lead the table by three points from Burnley with a game in hand.27 March 1975: After three draws, Ipswich Town beat Leeds United 3–2 in the third replay of their FA Cup quarter-final at Filbert Street.29 March 1975: Everton suffer a 3–0 defeat away to bottom-places Carlisle United, and relinquish top spot in the First Division to Liverpool.31 March 1975: Everton beat Coventry City 1–0 to move back to the top of the table, as Liverpool lose 2–0 to Stoke City. They lead Liverpool and Stoke by one point with a game in hand, and have just five matches remaining, but Ipswich Town, Derby County and Middlesbrough also remain in contention. Tottenham Hotspur have slipped back into the relegation zone alongside Carlisle United and Luton Town.5 April 1975: Both FA Cup semi-finals, Birmingham City versus Fulham and Ipswich Town versus West Ham United, require replays after ending in draws. In the Second Division, Manchester United win 1-0 at Southampton (who went down with them last season) to seal an instant return to the First Division.9 April 1975: Everton lose 2–1 to relegation-threatened Luton Town, and Derby County take advantage by beating Wolverhampton Wanderers 1–0 to move two points clear at the top of the table with three matches left. West Ham United and Fulham reach the FA Cup final after narrow victories in their semi-final replays.12 April 1975: Stoke City's title challenge ends with defeat to Sheffield United, leaving Derby County, Liverpool, Everton and Ipswich Town as the remaining contenders. Carlisle United are relegated after losing at Anfield.16 April 1975: Malcolm Macdonald scores all five goals as England beat Cyprus 5–0 in a European Championship qualifier. He is the first England player for 37 years to achieve this feat.19 April 1975: Liverpool, Everton and Ipswich Town all lose to hand the initiative in the title race to Derby County. Although the Rams can only draw with Leicester City, only Ipswich can now prevent them from winning their second title in four seasons. At the bottom, Tottenham Hotspur beat Chelsea 2–0 in a vital relegation clash.23 April 1975: Derby County win the title after Ipswich Town can only draw 1–1 with Manchester City.26 April 1975: Derby County lie two points clear at the top at the end of the season after drawing their last match against Carlisle United. Liverpool finish ahead of Ipswich Town in second on goal average, with Everton fourth. Chelsea's 1–1 draw with Everton sees them relegated, and Tottenham Hotspur slip into the relegation zone after losing the North London derby to Arsenal. They must take a point from their final match to stay in the First Division.28 April 1975: Tottenham Hotspur beat Leeds United 4–2 to survive in the First Division and relegate Luton Town one year after promotion.3 May 1975: West Ham United win the FA Cup at the end of their first season under the management of John Lyall, beating Fulham 2–0 at Wembley in the final with two goals from Alan Taylor.11 May 1975: England beat Cyprus 1–0 to move three points clear at the top of their European Championship qualifying group.24 May 1975: England win the Home Championship by thrashing Scotland 5–1 at Wembley.28 May 1975: Leeds United are beaten 2–0 by West German side Bayern Munich in the final of the European Cup in Paris. Peter Lorimer has a goal disallowed, which sparks a furious pitch invasion and rioting by a section of Leeds fans.
1973–74 League champions Leeds United reached the European Cup final at the Parc des Princes in Paris, where they lost 2–0 to Bayern Munich. Leeds fans ran riot following the match, in which Peter Lorimer had a goal disallowed, and the club was banned from European competition for four years, later reduced to two on appeal.
John Lyall kicked off his management career in style by guiding West Ham United to FA Cup glory over Fulham at Wembley. On the losing Fulham side was former West Ham captain Bobby Moore.
Ron Saunders guided Aston Villa to League Cup success against Norwich in the only final of the competition between two Second Division teams. Both clubs were also promoted to the First Division.
Fourth Division side Chester reached the semi-finals after accounting for top-flight giants Leeds United and Newcastle United. They lost the semi-final to Aston Villa 5–4 on aggregate. Manchester United lost the other semi-final, so none of the semi-finalists were from the First Division.
Derby County won the First Division title for the second time in four seasons, in their first full season under the management of Dave Mackay. Liverpool finished runners-up under Bob Paisley, who had been promoted to the manager's seat from the coaching staff following Bill Shankly's retirement a month before the start of the season. Ipswich Town enjoyed their best finish since being champions in 1962. Everton lost just eight games during the season, the fewest of any side in the league that season, but a poor run of form at the end of the season cost Billy Bingham's side league glory.
With Don Revie now in charge of the England team, Leeds United made a dismal start to the season under Brian Clough, who was sacked after just 44 days in charge. His successor Jimmy Armfield steered Leeds to a ninth-place finish and to their first European Cup final, which they lost to Bayern Munich. West Ham United compensated for a disappointing season in the league by winning the FA Cup. It was a disappointing season in North London as Arsenal finished 16th and Tottenham finished 19th.
Carlisle United had incredibly topped the First Division in late August after winning their first three games in the top flight, but failed to keep up their good form and finished the season relegated in bottom place. Luton Town also went straight back down. Financially troubled Chelsea, plagued by falling attendances and rising debts, were also relegated.
Manchester United kept faith in manager Tommy Docherty after their relegation to the Second Division and sealed an instant return to the First Division by winning the Second Division title. FIFA finally lifted George Best's worldwide ban from football, but Manchester United manager Tommy Docherty was not prepared to give him another chance at Old Trafford, and he joined Stockport County on a free transfer.
Norwich City also sealed an instant return to the First Division by finished third. Also going up were runners-up Aston Villa, who took the Football League Cup up with them and ended their eight-year exile from the First Division.
Sunderland, the 1973 FA Cup winners, just missed out on promotion, as did Bristol City. Don Howe paid for a second failure to take West Bromwich Albion back into the First Division and was replaced as manager by veteran player Johnny Giles. Nottingham Forest, battling against a second relegation in three seasons, turned to Brian Clough in hope of turning the club around, and the turnaround started with Clough guiding them to Second Division survival.
Cardiff City and Millwall were relegated to the Third Division, along with Sheffield Wednesday, who would be playing Third Division football for the first time in their history.
Blackburn Rovers won their first promotion in nearly 20 years when they sealed the Third Division title to climb back into the Second Division after four seasons away. Plymouth Argyle finished a point behind them as runners-up, with Charlton Athletic sealing the final promotion place. Swindon Town missed out on promotion by two points. Crystal Palace finally enjoyed some good form after two successive relegations, but fifth place was not enough for promotion.
Huddersfield Town, who had become the first English team to win three successive league titles back in the 1920s, went down to the Fourth Division with a third relegation in four seasons. They went down with Watford, Tranmere and Bournemouth.
Mansfield Town won the Fourth Division title by a six-point margin, and went up along with Shrewsbury Town, Rotherham United and League Cup semi-finalists Chester, who enjoyed their first promotion since joining the Football League in 1931. Lincoln City, managed by the league's youngest manager, Graham Taylor, missed out on promotion on goal average.
Scunthorpe, Workington, Swansea and Darlington retained their league status as the Football League voted for the third successive season to keep its lowest placed four members.
First Division
Malcolm Macdonald (Newcastle United) – 21 goalsSecond Division
Brian Little (Aston Villa) – 20 goalsThird Division
Dixie McNeil (Hereford United) – 31 goalsFourth Division
Ray Clarke (Mansfield Town) – 28 goals
Colin Todd added the PFA Players' Player of the Year award to the league championship medal he collected with Derby County.
19-year-old West Ham goalkeeper Mervyn Day collected the PFA Young Player of the Year along with an FA Cup winners medal.
Fulham's experienced midfielder Alan Mullery was voted FWA Footballer of the Year.
Dave Mackay helped Derby County win the league championship in his first full season as manager.
John Lyall had a fine first season as West Ham United manager by guiding them to FA Cup glory.
Ron Saunders guided Aston Villa to promotion and League Cup glory.
Tommy Docherty helped Manchester United regain their First Division status at the first time of asking.
Bobby Robson continued to raise standards at Ipswich Town – and almost guided them to league championship glory.
Peter Muzzell (born 29 September 1939) is a South African cricketer. He played in 42 first-class matches for Border from 1957/58 to 1969/70.
List of Border representative cricketers
Peter Muzzell at ESPNcricinfo
Rosie Haber is a gender non-conforming writer and director of commercial, music, and documentary films based in Los Angeles, California. She attended NYU's Tisch School of the Arts.
In 2013, she was selected for the Outfest 2013 Screenwriters Lab for her feature screenplay Soledad.
In 2014 her short Jellyfish won Outfest's Grand Jury Prize. Their works have gained popularity and recognition for their work exploring LGBTQ life in a number of different styles and formats. These works include films like Relapse (2015), We've Been Around (2016), Ink (2016), as well as documentary works like New Deep South (2017).
They have also been recognized for their work and have subsequently been granted funding from a number of different fellowship programs for emerging filmmakers. Amongst these are fellowships in Film Independent's Episodic Lab, Outfest's Screenwriting lab, and also the American Film Institute's Directing workshop for women that was created to expose emerging filmmakers to a larger studio audience.
New Deep South, a film series directed by Rosie Haber and Lauren Cioffi, has grown in popularity since debuting in 2015. The series aims to showcase the lives of the LGBTQ community in the southern United States by following real members of the community and detailing their experiences. The three-piece series has been nominated for multiple awards and individual episodes have also received recognition. Episode 2 / Kayla was awarded a Webby Award in 2017 for Best Documentary: Individual Episode.
Their recent projects include Braddock, PA, a documentary that takes a look at the lives of those in working-class Middle America. This piece focuses on the industry life of those working in small towns and explores the relationship between the people and the environmental impact of their towns. Currently, they are working on developing a television show aimed at young adults. Chingonas will feature elements of horror and is being developed in Film Independent's Episodic Lab.
In addition to the fellowships they have been granted, Rosie Haber has been presented with a number of awards at both the national and international level.
The St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team represents the St. John's University in Queens, New York. The team participates in the Big East Conference. As of the end of the 2019–20 season, St. John's rank ninth with 1,871 total wins among the NCAA Division I teams. St. John's is coached by Mike Anderson.
The St. John's men's basketball team played its first game on December 6, 1907, losing to New York University and registering its first win in program history against Adelphi University on January 3, 1908. Just three years later, the 1910–11 St. John's basketball team went on to have an undefeated 14–0 season coached by former track and field Olympian Claude Allen, for which the team was later honored by the Helms Foundation and the Premo-Porretta Power Poll as national champions.
Twenty years later, former St.John's player James "Buck" Freeman was hired as the coach of the basketball team and in his first four years from 1927 to 1931 had a historic 85–8 record. The 1929–30 and 1930–31 teams were known as the "Wonder Five", made up of Matty Begovich, Mac Kinsbrunner, Max Posnack, Allie Schuckman, and Jack "Rip" Gerson, who together helped revolutionize the game of basketball and made St. John's the marquee team in New York City. On January 19, 1931, the Wonder Five team was a part of the first college basketball triple-header at Madison Square Garden in a charity game which saw St. John's beat CCNY by a score 17–9. Freeman finished his coaching career with a record of 177–31 for an .850 winning percentage.
Joe Lapchick, a former player of the Original Celtics, took over as coach at St. John's in 1936 and he continued the success the school had become used to under Buck Freeman. Lapchick coached the St. John's University men's basketball team from 1936 to 1947 and again from 1956 to 1965. His Redmen teams won 4 NIT championships (1943, 1944, 1959, 1965). Lapchick preferred to take his teams to the more prestigious NIT instead of the NCAA Tournament making the NIT semifinals 8 out of a total 12 times, and only one NCAA tournament appearance in his 20 years of coaching the Redmen. Under Lapchick's coaching his teams also won 6 Metropolitan New York Conference regular season titles.
On its way to its first of back-to-back NIT titles, St. John's would go on to have a record of 21–3 with only two losses occurring during the regular season. One was a 40–46 home loss to rival Niagara and another was a 38–42 loss at Madison Square Garden to Manhattan. The 1942–43 St. John's team were led by senior caption Andrew "Fuzzy" Levane and sophomore All-American center Harry Boykoff. The Redmen's trademark defense and inside scoring presence of Boykoff led them past Rice, Fordham, and Toledo to claim what would be the first of six NIT titles. The season did not end after the NIT, in just three days later St. John's would go on to participate in the first Red Cross charity benefit game against NCAA champion Wyoming to determine a true national champion. Wyoming though would go on to win 52–47.
St. John's became the first team to repeat as champions in the seven-year history of the NIT even though World War II and the players' commitment to serve in the armed forces made it a very difficult season. Harry Boykoff would miss the entire 1943–44 and 1944–45 seasons due to being drafted for the war effort, along with the team's star point guard Dick McGuire for half the 1943–44 season and the entire following two years. Despite the losses of their star players, the St. John's team managed to finish the season with an 18–5 record and a second NIT crown by defeating Adolph Rupp's Kentucky Wildcats and Ray Meyer's DePaul Blue Demons. The Redmen were led by play making junior guards Hy Gotkin and Bill Kotsores, the latter of which was selected as the 1944 NIT MVP. For the second year in a row the Redmen participated in the Red Cross benefit game where they faced the NCAA champion Utah where they ended up losing 36–44.
The 1951 1952 team lost to Kentucky 81–40 in December 1951. In the NCAA tournament, St John's beat Kentucky, 64–57. They later finished second in the tournament to Kansas.
St. John's success continued the following year where they produced another 21–3 record, but their chance at a rematch with George Mikan's DePaul squad and a third consecutive NIT title was shattered with an upset loss to Bowling Green in the semifinals. They would go on to beat Rhode Island State for a third-place finish. The next two years Lapchick's Redmen teams made the NIT both times and added two more Metropolitan New York Conference regular season titles before Lapchick left to take the head coaching job of the New York Knickerbockers in just the second year of their existence in the new Basketball Association of America, becoming the highest paid coach of the league at the time.
Lapchick was succeeded by Frank McGuire, a former player under Buck Freeman, who made the postseason four out of five years as the coach and had an overall record of 102–36 culminating in a second-place finish in the 1952 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. Under McGuire, the Redmen reached an overall number one ranking in the AP poll twice, won three Metropolitan New York Conference regular season titles, competed in four NITs and made their first appearance in the NCAA tournament where they made it to the Elite Eight before falling to eventual national champion Kentucky. They would go on though to defeat North Carolina State for a regional third-place finish.
At the end of the season, coach Frank McGuire left St. John's to become the basketball coach at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. On paper, this was a significant step down from St. John's, as UNC was not reckoned as a national power at the time. However, school officials wanted a big-name coach to counter the rise of rival North Carolina State under Everett Case. McGuire's assistant coach, Al "Dusty" DeStefano, took over the head coaching duties of the St. John's team from 1952 to 1956. DeStefano's teams only made one postseason appearance and it was 58–46 loss to the Seton Hall Pirates in the NIT Finals who were led by All-American center Walter Dukes. The following year featured the Redmen ending up with their first losing season in over 30 years.
After one month from leaving his position with the New York Knicks, Lapchick resumed his head coaching duties where he originally started and put St. John's back on its winning path. Picking up right where he left off adding two more NIT championships, making the postseason 6 out of 9 times, and having an overall college coaching record of 334–130. In 20 years of coaching in the college ranks, Lapchick only had one losing season.
St. John's finished the 1958–59 season with an overall 20–6 record and captured its first ECAC Holiday Festival title with a 90–79 victory over St. Joseph's in the final and the school's third NIT championship by defeating top-seeded Bradley 76–70 in double overtime. The starting five for the Redmen consisted of four seniors and sophomore sensation Tony Jackson who was named both the Holiday Festival and NIT MVP during the 1958–59 season setting a school record of 27 rebounds in one game. At the end of the season senior captain Alan Seiden was rewarded with second team All-American honors and the Haggerty Award, given to the best collegiate player in the New York metropolitan area. Throughout the next three years, St. John's would go 58–18 led by Jackson who would receive All-American honors all three years at school, 6'11" center and future NBA champion LeRoy Ellis, and future ABA/NBA coaching legend Kevin Loughery. In the 1961–62 season, St. John's would make their fifth NIT finals appearance before falling to Dayton 73–67.\7
Lapchick went into the 1964–65 season knowing it would be his last year coaching at St. John's because he reached the mandatory retirement age of the university. It would become a memorable season for the sixty-five year old coach in which his team began the year off by upsetting Cazzie Russell's Michigan Wolverines, the No. 1 team in the nation according to both the AP and UPI polls, by a score of 75–74 to capture the school's second ECAC Holiday Festival title. St. John's would finish the season 21–8 and go on a remarkable run in the 1965 NIT by defeating Boston College, New Mexico, Army, and top-seeded Villanova to win Lapchick his fourth NIT championship. The Redmen were led by the rebounding of sophomore forward Lloyd "Sonny" Dove and the scoring of senior Ken McIntyre who totaled 101 points in his last four games, over 1,000 points for his entire career, and being named the MVP of both the Holiday Festival and NIT.
Lou Carnesecca was hired as the head basketball coach at St. John's in 1965, after serving as an assistant at St. John's since 1958, given the difficult task to follow in the footsteps of the legendary Joe Lapchick. In the 1985 NCAA Tournament, he coached the Redmen to their second Final Four appearance. He was named the National Coach of the Year in 1983 and 1985 and Big East Coach of the Year on three occasions. His record at St. John's was 526–200. Coach Carnesecca would win the school's record fifth NIT title in 1989 and as well as making the Elite Eight in 1979 and 1991, and the Sweet Sixteen in 1967, 1969, 1983.
Coach Carnesecca would temporarily leave St. John's to coach in the ABA from 1970 to 1973, and would leave the team to be coached by assistant and former player Frank Mulzoff who gathered a record of 56–27 and three postseasons before Carnesecca's return and help guide the program to 29 consecutive postseason tournament appearances and transition to playing in a major conference, the Big East.
The Red Storm have appeared in the NCAA Tournament 30 times. Their combined record is 27–32. Due to impermissible benefits to a player, their 2002 appearance has been vacated by the NCAA making their official record 27–31.
Peter Rosei (born in Vienna on 17 June 1946) is an Austrian literary writer.
Rosei attended the University of Vienna, where he earned a doctorate in law in 1968. He worked for a time as the personal assistant to the Viennese painter Ernst Fuchs and then as the director of a publishing house for textbooks and nonfiction.Since 1972 he has been a freelance writer, publishing novels, stories, essays, poetry, plays, travelogues, and children's literature. He has traveled extensively and intensively throughout the world and has been a guest writer at Oberlin College, Bowling Green State University, and the University of New Mexico at Taos, as well as guest professor at the University of Nagoya, Japan.
His literary breakthrough came with the novel Wer war Edgar Allan (Who was Edgar Allan) in 1977, which was filmed by the Austrian director Michael Haneke, with a screenplay by Rosei, in 1984.  His fictional texts portray the limits of knowledge and the discrepancies between thought and action in Western society.  Rosei's prolific output includes the novels Die Milchstrasse (The Milky Way, 1981), Rebus (1990), and Persona (1995), as well as a six-part novel cycle titled Das 15 000-Seelen-Projekt (The 15,000 Souls Project) from 1984–1988. In 2005 he published a panoramic novel of Vienna during the postwar period, Wien Metropolis (Metropolis Vienna).
Works that have been translated into English include Von hier nach dort (1978) (From Here to There, translated by Kathleen Thorpe, 1991), Das schnelle Glück (1980) (Try Your Luck, translated by Kathleen Thorpe, 1994), and Ruthless and Other Writings (translated by Geoffrey Howes, 2003), all published by Ariadne Press; and Wien Metropolis (2005) (Metropolis Vienna, translated by Geoffrey C. Howes, published by Green Integer in 2009).
1973: Rauris Literature Prize
1980: Literature of the Cultural Fund of the City of Salzburg,
1986: Elias Canetti scholarship of Vienna
1987: Literature Prize of Salzburg
1991: Austrian Prize for Literature
1993: Franz Kafka Prize of the City of Klosterneuburg
1996: Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art
1997: Literature Prize of Vienna
1999: Anton Wildgans Prize
2006: Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class
Thorpe, Kathleen (September 1999). "Peter Rosei – A Case Study" (in English). TRANS: Internet-Zeitschrift für Kulturwissenschaften. Research Institute for Austrian and International Literature and Cultural Studies (INST).
Tank Top City is the second album by Sugarsmack, released in 1998 through Sire Records.The album was one of many late 1990s Sire alternative rock releases that failed commercially.
Nashville Scene called the album "kinetic, jagged rock that lies somewhere between England’s The Fall and Atlanta’s late, lamented The Jody Grind," writing that it "finds the band in top form." The Memphis Flyer wrote that the band "has adopted an almost-over-the-top punk swagger that makes it stand out." Stereo Review called Tank Top City a "16-song luge ride through wild terrain," writing that "the secret of getting on the band's wavelength when listening to a song like 'Reagan' is to just say no to logic and submit to the band's altered neural pathways."
All tracks are written by Sugarsmack.
SugarsmackJohn Adamian – drums, guitar, keyboards, vocals
Chris Chandek – guitar
Hope Nicholls – vocals, saxophone, harmonica
Aaron Pitkin – bass guitar, guitar, vocalsProduction and additional personnelAaron Bachelder – timpani
Mindy Barker – flute
Marc Becker – production, engineering, mixing
Greg Calbi – mastering
Cookie Jackson – cello
Sarah Beth Turner – saxophone
Tank Top City at Discogs (list of releases)
Fred S. Hollowell (January 18, 1883 – April 19, 1960) was an American farmer and politician from New York.
He was born on January 18, 1883, at his family's farm in Milo, Yates County, New York. On July 21, 1909, he married Eleanor Brundage (1883–1979), and they had three children. He was a school principal in Leicester, Heuvelton and Kingston until 1914, when he returned to take care of the family farm.
Hollowell was a member of the New York State Assembly (Yates Co.) in 1932, 1933, 1934, 1935, 1936, 1937, 1938, 1939–40, 1941–42, 1943–44 and 1945. He was Chairman of the Committee on Excise from 1936 to 1938.
On March 6, 1945, he was elected to the New York State Senate (48th D.), to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Earle S. Warner. Hollowell was re-elected three times and remained in the State Senate until 1952, sitting in the 165th, 166th, 167th and 168th New York State Legislatures.
He died on April 19, 1960, at his farm in Milo, New York, of a heart attack; and was buried at the Lakeview Cemetery in Penn Yan.
Fred S. Hollowell at Find a Grave
Patrick James Moore (December 22, 1863 – March 10, 1936) known as "P.J.", was an American politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, as well as a member of the Common Council, Alderman, and Mayor of Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
He died in 1936.
Kaylee Anne DeFer (born September 23, 1986) is an American former actress. She is known for her portrayals of Hillary Gold in The War at Home, and of Ivy Dickens in Gossip Girl.
DeFer was born in Tucson, Arizona. In 2003, she moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.
DeFer made her acting debut in a March 2004 episode of the Nickelodeon sitcom Drake & Josh. She has since made a number of guest appearances on television shows such as Quintuplets, Ghost Whisperer, CSI: Miami, and How I Met Your Mother. DeFer appears on the cover of Reeve Oliver's second album, Touchtone Inferno (2007).In May 2004, DeFer was cast as Scarlett on The WB's drama series The Mountain. The series follows the personal lives of the staff and friends at a remote ski resort. The series premiered on September 22, 2004, but was cancelled after four months.
In April 2005, DeFer landed a role on the Fox sitcom The War at Home. The series centers on the day-to-day life of Gold family whom reside in Long Island, New York. DeFer portrayed teenager Hillary Gold, the eldest child who frequently misbehaves. The series premiered on September 11, 2005 to 7.2 million viewers, but received generally negative reviews from critics. The series ran for two seasons.
DeFer starred in her theatrical film debut Flicka, released in October 2006. DeFer portrayed the film's antagonist, Miranda Koop. In 2011, DeFer starred in the low-budget Western film Mattie, which was released on DVD under the title Renegade.
In April 2011, The CW announced DeFer would have a major recurring arc in both the fourth and fifth seasons of Gossip Girl. DeFer had previously auditioned for the role of Raina Thorpe, but she did not receive the part. DeFer portrayed the role of Ivy Dickens, a con artist who pretends to be Charlotte "Charlie" Rhodes in order to get access to the latter's trust fund. DeFer was reunited with The Mountain castmate Penn Badgley. She reprised her role of Ivy in the series' sixth and final season and was listed as a main cast member. In May 2013, DeFer announced plans to take a break from acting after the birth of her first son.
In January 2012, DeFer called off her engagement to jewelry designer Michael Raymond Pereira, whom she had been dating on and off since 2002.DeFer subsequently began dating Michael Fitzpatrick, lead vocalist for the band Fitz and the Tantrums, and in May 2013, she announced that they were expecting a child together. Their first son, Theodore Ignatius, was born on September 20, 2013. The couple got married on July 25, 2015. On April 11, 2017, they welcomed their second son, Sebastian Danger. Their third son, Rémy Lincoln Fitzpatrick, was born on May 26, 2019.
Kaylee DeFer at IMDb
PopGurls Interview: Kaylee Defer
Eswatini Airlink was formed as a joint venture company between the Swaziland Government (60%) and Airlink (40%) to take over operations from Royal Swazi National Airways Corporation (RSNAC), the previous flag carrier of Eswatini. Swaziland Airlink started operations in July 1999 with a leased Fokker F28 aircraft from RSNAC linking Matsapha Airport with Johannesburg and Dar-es-Salaam. In June 2000, the Fokker F28 was replaced with a BAe Jetstream 41 aircraft. Swaziland Airlink became Eswatini Airlink after the country's name was changed. The company slogan is Freedom to connect
Eswatini Airlink serves following destinations as part of Airlink:
Eswatini Airlink no longer has a dedicated fleet. Flights are now operated under Airlink's AOC as part of the Airlink schedule using Embraer ERJ-135 or Embraer ERJ-140 aircraft.Eswatini Airlink previously operated the BAe Jetstream 41, Fokker F28, and Embraer ERJ-135 under their own AOC.
Airlink, official website
Little Laureate is an American company that produces developmental, multimedia products for small children and their caregivers. It was founded in 2001 by Heather Maclean and Monica Gibson.
Little Laureate's first products were DVD programs that promote world culture, conservation and creativity using great works of art, architecture and animals with fully scored classical music and world music. The series features animation, live footage, and a process the company has dubbed "Symphonic Art Animation," wherein onscreen visuals are animated in time to classical music. The series is hosted by an animated star named "Star."Little Laureate products suggest they are meant to be watched with an adult, and provide adult-only special features to promote that concept. Every piece of art onscreen is identified by a caption, like music videos, that cite the name of the work and its artist. The DVD includes an onscreen written guide called "The Crawl" that resembles VH1's Pop-up Video, and is designed to give information, inspiration and humor to adult viewers. Special DVD and CD gift sets also include a 24-page parent booklet.
Little Laureate has largely avoided the babies-and-television debate encountered by competitors Baby Einstein and Classical Baby because it uses only art to teach instead of puppets or toys, and frequently cites a U.S. Department of Health and Human Services report that early art exposure helps children learn academic and life skills.
My World Gallery
My World Adventure
My World Colors
My World Safari
For the Love of Art (re-issued as "My World Gallery")
For the Love of World Travel (re-issued as "My World Adventure")
"Best Video Series of All Time," Parents magazine
"Video of the Year," Parenting magazine
"Gold Award," National Association of Parenting Publications
"Media of the Year," Creative Child magazine, November 2007
"Top 10 Best Audio Products," Dr. Toy
"Top 100 Best Products," Dr. Toy
Little Laureate is the first toddler home media product optimized for high-definition television.
Little Laureate is the first children's series to license a song from the African Children's Choir; "Bolingo" appears on My World Safari.
Little Laureate products are distributed in the United States, Canada, Korea and Hong Kong.
Little Laureate official website
Little Laureate, Internet Movie Database
Robert Andrew Meacham (born August 25, 1960) is an American former professional baseball shortstop, who spent his entire six-year big league playing career with the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB). Since retiring from active play, Meacham has managed and coached for several organizations. He currently serves in a coaching capacity for the Philadelphia Phillies.
Meacham was originally drafted by the Chicago White Sox out of Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana, California, in the 14th round of the 1978 Major League Baseball draft, but chose, instead, to play college baseball at San Diego State University.Meacham earned third team All-America accolades as a freshman, and was named San Diego State Aztecs team MVP in 1979. He was second team All-American in 1981 after batting .375 with seven home runs, 51 runs batted in (RBI) and 44 stolen bases, and was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals with the eighth overall pick in the 1981 Major League Baseball draft. Meacham signed with the Cardinals, ending his college career as SDSU's all-time leader in runs (214), hits (277), and at bats (767), and was second in career stolen bases (116), including a streak of thirty consecutive successful steals.
Baseball Hall of Fame member Tony Gwynn credited Meacham for helping him join the Aztecs baseball team, after coming to the school on a basketball scholarship. The two played against each other in high school and Meacham, knowing Gwynn's abilities well, encouraged Coach Jim Dietz to give him an opportunity.
Meacham batted only .182 for the Gastonia Cardinals of the South Atlantic League in 1981. His batting average improved to .259 in 1982 with the Florida State League's St. Petersburg Cardinals, but his .915 fielding percentage and 47 errors was far worse than the organization that employed Ozzie Smith at short was accustomed to. On December 14, 1982, Meacham was traded to the New York Yankees with outfielder Stan Javier for pitchers Marty Mason and Steve Fincher and outfielder Bob Helsom in a minor league (MiLB) deal.
The trade turned out to be a very good deal for the Yankees, as none of the three players the Yankees sent to the Cardinals ever reached the major leagues, and Javier was later included in the December 5, 1984 deal that brought them Rickey Henderson from the Oakland Athletics. Meacham, meanwhile, earned a major league promotion by June of his first season with his new club. He made his MLB debut on June 30, 1983, in the 12th inning of an extra-inning game against the Baltimore Orioles. The Yankees won on a Butch Wynegar walk off home run before Meacham could log his first major league plate appearance. That did not occur until his third major league game — against the Seattle Mariners, on September 3, 1983. He lined out to Mariners third baseman Manny Castillo. By the end of the season, Meacham had won the Yankees' starting shortstop job, appearing in a total of 22 games, while batting .235 in 51 at bats.
During the off season, the Yankees acquired Tim Foli to play short in 1984. The Yankees ended up having something of a revolving door at shortstop, with Meacham, Foli, Roy Smalley, and Andre Robertson all seeing playing time at the position. Meacham emerged with the most playing time of the bunch, logging 840 innings and batting .253 with two home runs and 25 RBIs. Despite his limited role, Meacham led the American League (AL) with 14 sacrifice hits for the season. Meacham was the Yankees regular shortstop in 1985, playing in 156 out of 162 games. He hit just .218 in 1985 but led the major leagues with 23 sacrifice hits.
The most notable play of Meacham's career was a bizarre baserunning gaffe which also involved Dale Berra in an 11-inning 6–5 loss to the Chicago White Sox at Yankee Stadium, on August 2, 1985. With Meacham and Berra the runners at second and first base respectively in the seventh inning of a game tied at three, Rickey Henderson hit a ball that rolled to the farthest reaches of left-center field. When Meacham slipped between second and third base, both runners ended up approaching home plate in synchronized fashion, one on the heels of the other. After catching the relay throw from shortstop Ozzie Guillén, catcher Carlton Fisk tagged out Meacham to his right, then turned to his left just a split second later to do the same to Berra, completing the double play. Yankees manager Billy Martin commented, "I've never seen that in grammar school, much less a major-league game."The Yankees were growing frustrated with Meacham's generally inconsistent play, and had acquired both Paul Zuvella and Wayne Tolleson in separate deals during the 1986 season to replace him at short. Meacham ended up splitting 1986 and 1987 between the Yankees and their Triple-A affiliate, the Columbus Clippers. He spent all of 1988 with the big league club, but injuries and the off season acquisition of Rafael Santana from the New York Mets limited Meacham to only 47 games, during which, he saw about half his playing time at second base.
Yankees team owner George Steinbrenner was particularly frustrated with Meacham's injuries and lackluster play and often lambasted him in the New York press. Following the 1988 season, Meacham was traded to the Texas Rangers for outfielder Bob Brower.
Meacham failed to make the Rangers out of Spring training 1989, and was released by the club. He joined the Pittsburgh Pirates shortly afterward, spending all of the 1989 season with their Triple-A affiliate, the Buffalo Bisons, but never reaching the major league level. Meacham spent 1990 with the Omaha Royals, the farm team of the Kansas City Royals, again failing to make the big league club.
After retiring as an active player, Meacham began his coaching career in the Royals MiLB system. He proceeded to the Colorado Rockies organization, in 1993, and the Pirates farm system, from 1994 to 2001. Meacham was given his first managerial job in 2002 with the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes (Advanced A California League affiliate of the Anaheim Angels). He held that job through 2004, and returned to the Rockies organization in 2005 as their Minor League roving infield instructor. The following season, Meacham received his first major league coaching job, when new Florida Marlins manager Joe Girardi named him third base coach, in 2006.Meacham was the San Diego Padres first base coach for the 2007 season, and rejoined Girardi as the Yankees' third base coach for 2008. On October 14, 2008, it was announced that Meacham's contract would not be renewed for the 2009 season. He spent 2009 with the Philadelphia Phillies organization, as the batting coach for the Williamsport Crosscutters. On October 30, 2009, Meacham was hired as the first base coach for the Houston Astros, under new manager Brad Mills.On August 18, 2012, Meacham was released from the Astros, along with manager Brad Mills and hitting coach Mike Barnett.Meacham was announced as the manager for the Dunedin Blue Jays on January 7, 2013.On January 13, 2014, Meacham was named as the manager for the Toronto Blue Jays Double-A affiliate New Hampshire Fisher Cats.On November 28, 2016, the Blue Jays promoted Meacham to manager of their Triple-A affiliate Buffalo Bisons. Meacham was fired on September 5, 2019.
In January, 2020, the Philadelphia Phillies announced that Meacham was being added to their coaching staff, serving as a coaching assistant to new Phillies manager, Joe Girardi.
Meacham and his wife, Gari, have three children. The Meachams gained notoriety in 1985 when Yankees manager Billy Martin and owner George Steinbrenner attempted to refuse to give Meacham a day off to witness the birth of his first child.
Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball-Reference, or Fangraphs, or Baseball-Reference (Minors), or Retrosheet
Spectre is a SPICE-class circuit simulator. It provides the basic SPICE analyses and component models. It also supports the Verilog-A modeling language. Spectre comes in enhanced versions that also support RF simulation (SpectreRF) and mixed-signal simulation (AMS Designer).
Spectre is currently a leading circuit simulator, competing with HSPICE and several others.
Spectre was developed at Cadence Design Systems by Ken Kundert and Jacob K. White.
"Tell It Like It T-I-Is" was the third single by the B-52's released from their sixth studio album, Good Stuff. It was the last single released in 1992. This song placed #61 on the UK Singles Chart, and placed #13 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The Islamic University in Niger (IUIN) is an international university in Say, Niger west of Niamey. Students and faculty study in Arabic, French, and English.
The university's vice-chancellor's office is in Niamey.
IUIN began following recommendations at the 2nd Islamic Summit of Kings and Heads of States and governments in 1974 at Lahore (Pakistan).
It was meant to become one of the leading research and educational establishments responding to the needs of the Muslim Ummah in West Africa and the Muslim Word in general, by producing and promoting a new generation of Muslims, technically and morally equipped to face the challenges of the Word.
It started its activities in 1986 with a hundred or so students majoring in Arabic Language and Islamic studies. The IUIN is a member of the Federation of the Universities of the Islamic World (FUIW).
Degree programmes are offered in five faculties, two centers, and two institutes.
Faculty of Sharia and law
Faculty of Arabic Language and Human Science
Faculty of Science and Technology
Faculty of Economics and Management
Faculty of Agronomy
Higher Education Institute for Teachers’ Training and Pedagogy
The Institute IQRA for Vocational and Technical Center at Lesser Level
The university publishes the Annals of the Islamic University of Niger.
Islamic University in Uganda
Organisation of Islamic Cooperation
[1].
SESRIC Directory of Universities in OIC Member Countries.
Islamic University in Niger. Website of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
Islamic University of Niger. Directory of African Higher Education Institutions, Michigan State University.
Islamic University of Niger. Federation of the universities of the Islamic world (2004)
Javaid Rehman. Islamic State Practices, International Law and the Threat from Terrorism: A Critique of the 'clash of Civilizations' in the New World Order. Hart Publishing, 2005 ISBN 1-84113-501-1 p. 32
Resolution No. 1/15-C On The Islamic University In Niger. The Fifteenth -Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers held in Sanaa, Yemen Arab Republic, from 25 to 29 Rabi Al-Awal, 1405H (18-22 December 1984).
Walter Tille (6 October 1906 – 12 April 1986) was a German trade union leader.
Born in Crimmitschau, Tille worked as a bricklayer.  He joined the German Construction Workers' Union and the Socialist Workers' Youth in 1921, and then Social Democratic Party of Germany in 1923.  He was frequently arrested for his political activities, and in 1933 fled to Czechoslovakia.  However, he returned the following year and worked as a bricklayer again until 1940, when he was drafted into the Wehrmacht.Tille was interned in Norway in 1945, but escaped back to Germany.  There, he joined the Free German Trade Union Federation (FDGB) and the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED).  He was appointed as head of the Crimmitschau Commission for the Expropriation of Nazi and War Criminals, and was also elected to the city council.From 1947, Tille worked managing a construction company, and then in the city's civil engineering department, where he developed a quick and cheap method of creating wall and door openings.  This brought him increased prominence, and he held various roles in the Industrial Union of Construction, becoming president of the executive of its successor, the Industrial Union of Construction and Wood (IG Bau-Holz), in 1953.  From 1954, he was also an FDGB member of the Volkskammer, and from 1957, he was the president of the Trade Union International of Building, Wood, Building Materials and Industries.In 1958, Tille was appointed as secretary of the FDGB's executive committee, and he also joined the SED's central committee.  He left most of his roles in 1962 and 1963, becoming a leader of the centre for innovation in civil engineering.  From 1967, he again served on the executive of IG Bau-Holz, representing retired members, and he remained in the post until his death, in 1986.
The Council for Multicultural Australia (CMA) was established by the Australian Government in July 2000 for a period of three years. Its purpose was to "raise awareness and understanding" about multiculturalism. The term of the CMA was extended for an additional three years to 2006.
The Council consisted of Australians from all States and Territories who have a strong commitment to Australian multiculturalism.
In August 2011, the Federal Government, acting in accordance with the recommendations of the Australian Multicultural Advisory Council, established the Australian Multicultural Council, with the terms of reference being to provide ongoing advice on multicultural policy, social cohesion and interfaith dialogue. The membership included Rauf Soulio, as chair of the Council, Peter Wertheim, Tanveer Ahmed, and Tim Soutphommasane. and Gail Ker, deputy chair, Yassmin Abdel-Magied, Hass Dellal, Carmel Guerra, Samina Yasmeen, and Talal Yassine, and two ex officio members, Andrew Metcalfe, and Helen Szoke.The council's membership had been allowed to lapse from July 2014 to December 2014.Sev Ozdowski was appointed Chair of the Australian Multicultural Council in December 2014.  Other members were Helena Kyriazopoulos, deputy chair, Vasan Srinivasan, Charlotte Vidor, Faiza Rehman, Bulent Hass Dellal.
Home page of CMA
PS-75 (Dadu-V) is a constituency of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh.
Sindh
Election commission Pakistan's official website
Awazoday.com check result
Official Website of Government of Sindh
Merbein is a town just north of Mildura, Victoria, in the Sunraysia region of Australia. It is on the Calder Highway between Mildura and the Murray River crossing at the Abbotsford Bridge to Curlwaa. At the 2016 census, the town had a population of 1,981. Merbein is 12 kilometres from Mildura, 553 km from Melbourne and 389 km from Adelaide.
The town is known for farming and is part what is informally called the "fruit bowl" or "food bowl", the growing region roughly made of the Coomealla and Sunraysia irrigation districts fed by the Darling and Murray rivers. Produce farmed in Merbein include grapes, citrus, mushrooms, green beans, asparagus and pistachios.
Merbein is also home of Mildara Wines, a winery W B Chaffey had built in 1913 for the first intake of grapes in 1914. The winery, originally known as the Mildura Distillery and Winery, stands on a 30-metre sandstone cliff near Pump Hill. The Chalmers family established its Murray Darling vineyard in Merbein, in 2010.
Merbein is the most northern Victorian town and celebrated 100 years as an irrigation settlement in 2009. The Merbein irrigation settlement, originally known as White Cliffs for its river cliffs, was established on a pastoral holding in 1909.  It was one of the first state-owned pumped irrigation settlements in Victoria. A Rotary Club of Merbein sign states: "Irrigation commenced in 1910 originally for pasture and grain crops, but quickly assumed its present economy of vineyard and orchard culture." 
The settlement was originally known as White Cliffs because of its river white cliffs. It was intended to be renamed "Merebin", reputedly an Aboriginal name of a local sandhill, but it was mistakenly registered as "Merbein" instead.
The post office opened on 16 August 1909. In 1912 the irrigation settlement's name was officially changed to Merbein.
E.J. Kenny was the first Officer in Charge of the State Rivers & Water Supply Commission of Victoria Irrigation Area established in 1909.  The hot climate and the distance from markets saw the settlement quickly change from dairying to the growing of the less perishable crops of citrus and grapes for drying and spirit making.
Soldier settlement blocks were established in Birdwoodton and Merbein West during and after WW1 and many streets were named after local soldiers who died in WW1. The district's horticulture and viticultural industries also attracted many European immigrants to the area.
Kenny, known as the 'Father of Merbein', died suddenly in 1925 and his contribution to the success of the settlement was acknowledged with the naming of Kenny Park. Today, Merbein continues to be an irrigation district, diversifying from the growing of dried grapes and citrus to a wide variety of wine and table grapes, asparagus, almonds, mushrooms and vegetables. As well as a wine bottling and packaging industry and a vegetable juicing facility, Merbein has also developed as a regional transport hub for the export of district products.
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Sunraysia Football League.Sporting clubs include the Merbein Football and Netball Club (Magpies) based at Kenny Park, the Merbein South Cricket Club and Saints Baseball Club both based at Chaffey Park, Mildura City Soccer Club, as well as the Merbein Cobras Basketball club. Merbein also has recreational and sporting facilities such as football, cricket and soccer grounds, a swimming pool, lawn bowling and croquet greens, tennis and netball courts, a golf club and formed walking tracks at the Merbein Common.
Other sporting groups are located in the area including tennis, swimming, Tae Kwon Do, and soccer.
Golfers play at the Merbein Golf Club course on McEdward Street.
Students from Prep through to year 10 attend Merbein P-10 College. The school underwent improvements after it was converted in 2013 from a High school (years 7 to year 10), into a Prep to year 10. Prior to the redevelopment there were three small primary school campuses, located at Merbein, Merbein West, Merbein South. These sites have since been abandoned, and all students are located at the previous Merbein Secondary College Campus.
Merbein previously held the Great Australian Vanilla Slice Triumph from 2011–2016, but since 2017 its home has been Mildura's Langtree mall after Mildura City Heart took over with the help from Mildura Rural City Council. It was hosted in Ouyen for 14 years previously.
In September, Merbein holds the Merbein Community Rodeo at Kenny Park.
In 1911, the Fisher family founded Fishers Supermarkets with its first shop on the corner of Commercial St and Railway Ave. But in 2015, fourth-generation owner Alan Fisher sold what came to be the second biggest independent supermarket group in Victoria to Ritchies IGA, Australia’s biggest independent supermarket group.
Up until 2012, the CSIRO Plant Research Division had a base at Merbein South focussing on grape and citrus industries.
Rail freight services to Melbourne run from Merbein along the Mildura railway line from a terminal operated by Wakefield Transport.
Adam Goodes - Sydney Swans footballer
Matthew Knights - Richmond Tigers footballer
Colin Sylvia - Australian Rules Footballer
Tania Zaetta - actress and TV personality
History
Hastings United Football Club, previously known as Hastings Town, is a semi-professional football club based in Hastings, East Sussex. They currently play in the Isthmian League South East Division and have played their home games at The Pilot Field since 1985, after the demise of the previous Hastings United, whose identity they took on following a name change in 2002.
The club was founded in 1893 as Rock-a-Nore and joined the East Sussex Football League in 1904. They went on to become founder members of the Sussex County Football League in 1920, changing their name to Hastings & St Leonards in 1921, before leaving to join the Southern Amateur Football League in 1927. They had a brief stay in the Corinthian League before becoming founder members of Division Two of the Sussex County League in 1952. They changed their name to Hastings Town in 1976 and took Hastings United's place in the Southern Football League in 1985. They became Hastings United in 2002 and would go on to join the Isthmian League in 2004, where they have remained since.
The club's traditional colours are claret and blue, though for the 2017-18 season their home kit is white with claret and blue trim. Their most successful period was in the 1930s where they won Division One of the Southern Amateur League on four occasions, plus the Sussex Senior Challenge Cup twice. The club also saw success in the 1990s winning the Sussex Senior Cup twice, the Southern League Cup once and the Southern League Southern Division in 1991-92. Their best performance in the FA Cup saw them reach the third round in the 2012-13 season.
The club was founded in 1893 as Rock-a-Nore and played their home games on the East Hill in Hastings Old Town. They played in local cup competitions winning the Hastings FA run Carlisle Cup on two occasions before becoming inactive between 1899 and 1901, however the club made a return to enjoy more success the local competitions. In 1904 they joined the East Sussex Football League and played at the newly laid out 'Sports Ground' for one season, sharing with St Leonards United, before returning to the East Hill the following season. They won the East Sussex League in the 1907-08 season, however by the years leading up to the First World War, the club were back playing in the local junior leagues.
After the First World War, Rock-a-Nore became founder members of the Sussex County League and moved to the Pilot Field in 1920, after one season in the league they changed name to Hastings & St Leonards FC, to reflect becoming the most prominent team in the town. A merger with local side All Saints was proposed, but the move never went through as All Saints did not want to lose their identity, though several players went on to join Hastings. Not long after the name change, a local team called Old Town United changed their name to Rock-a-Nore, taking on the former identity of the club.Hastings & St Leonards, often shortened to Hastings, spent seven seasons in the Sussex County League, finishing runners on two occasions before leaving to join the Southern Amateur League in 1927. The team would win Division Two in their first season and were promoted into Division One for the 1928-19 season, where they remained until the outbreak of World War Two. During the 1930s the club enjoyed a highly successful spell, winning the league in 1934-35, 1935-36, 1936-37 and 1938-19, the Sussex Senior Cup in 1935-36 and 1937-38 and the Amateur Football Alliance Senior Cup in 1937-38.
After the Second World War, Hastings joined the Corinthian League and played two seasons in the league. However, ahead of the 1948-49 season, the club lost their home ground at the Pilot Field to newly formed professional team Hastings United. The club, now known as Hastings Amateurs were unable to match the rent on the pitch and unable to find a suitable home pitch, forcing them to leave the Corinthian League having only played one league game.The club returned for the 1949-50 season, playing in the Hastings League and joined the East Sussex League for the 1950-51 season. By now the club were playing their home games on the upper pitch of the Pilot Field, later known as the Firs. Hastings became founder members of Division Two of the Sussex County League in 1952 and would go on to spend nearly thirty years in the league with little success.
In 1976, the club changed name to Hastings Town and part of the late 1970s was spent playing at Bulverhythe, home to Hastings Rangers, whilst the clubhouse and pitch at the Firs was being upgraded. The club won Division Two in 1979-80, winning promotion to Division One where they played until 1985.
Hastings Town applied for membership to the Southern League Premier Division following the folding of Hastings United, but were admitted to the Southern Division following objections from another club. The club negotiated a long term lease with Hastings Borough Council for the use the Pilot Field and several of old Hastings United players joined the club.The club's ambition was the win promotion to the Premier Division of the Southern League, but would go onto play several frustrating seasons of top-half finishes. Peter Sillett took charge of the club and built up a side that eventually won promotion, winning the league in 1991-92. The 1990s saw the club enjoy more success winning the Southern League Cup in 1995, beating Leek Town on aggregate and winning the Sussex Senior Cup twice in 1996 and 1998, beating Crawley Town and Burgess Hill Town respectively.
Local lottery winner Mark Gardiner, previously involved at local rivals St Leonards Stamcroft, became involved ahead of the 1997-98 season and made a generous playing budget available to manager Garry Wilson. Even with the healthy budget available, the club found themselves in the bottom half of the table despite the signing of former football league players including Mark Morris and the goal scoring exploits of Stafford Browne. Wilson was sacked after a FA Trophy loss to Bath City and Dean White and Terry White were brought in as joint managers.
Despite a fifth-place finish in the 1998-99 season, the second highest finish in the football league pyramid for the club, there was trouble off the pitch. With Mark Gardiner no longer involved, the club was in administration and also faced the possibility of playing in the Sussex County League, after applying to join the Isthmian League, later changing their mind, but the Southern League had refused their attempt to withdraw their resignation from the League. A consortium led by another local lottery winner Mick Maplesden saved the club from folding and the club were allowed back into the Southern League, but into the Eastern Division. The club finished in the top five for the following two seasons before eventually winning promotion back into the Premier Division after winning the league in 2001-02.
Hastings Town changed name to Hastings United ahead of the 2002-03 season, taking on the identity of the club formed in 1948. The club enjoyed a decent start to the season and reached the first round of the 2002–03 FA Cup; however the club saw a dip in form and were relegated back to the Eastern Division. The summer ahead of the 2003-04 season saw many changes at the club, with most of the squad leaving, losing many players to Eastbourne Borough and Folkestone Invicta; Dave Walters taking over as chairman and new manager Steve Lovell, having to build a squad that eventually escaped relegation to the county league.Following the FA's restructure of the football league, the club joined Division One of the Isthmian League for the 2004-05 season. Neville Southall took over as manager in November 2004 following Lovell's resignation and consolidated their place in the league. However Southall's stay was short as he resigned during the 2005-06 season following disagreements with the Chairman, seemingly starting the trend of short lived managerial stays for the following seasons.Nigel Kane and Pat Brown took over from Southall, with the latter stepping down but later returning as goalkeeping coach. For the 2006-07 season, Kane's brother Norman was introduced as assistant manager, but the club seemed destined for another relegation battle, however a turn in form saw the club go on a remarkable run from November, finishing in the play-off places at fifth place. The side went onto beat Dover Athletic in the semi-finals and Tooting and Mitcham United in the final to win promotion to the Isthmian League Premier Division.The club started off the 2007-08 season well; however a loss in form saw the side fall into the relegation places and the departure of Nigel Kane. His successor, Tony Dolby and assistant Mike Rutherford, were able to steer the club out of the relegation places, finishing in fourteenth place. However, shortly after the end of the season Dolby and Rutherford announced their departures from the club, with several key players also leaving. Former player and current reserve team manager John Lambert was promoted to first team manager, with Wayne Farrier as his assistant. Lambert only lasted until February 2009, when he was suddenly sacked and Tony Dolby returned as manager. Dolby built a strong side for the 2009-10 season and led the club to a seventh-place finish, just outside the play-off places, but after a disappointing run in the 2010-11 season, Dolby departed once more and Jason Hopkinson was brought in as his replacement. Hopkinson's stay at the club was disappointing and short-lived after he departed in November 2011 and replaced by Sean Ray.
Player/manager Sean Ray steered the club to safety in 2011-12 and would go onto lead the club to its best ever performance in the 2012–13 FA Cup. The side beat Bishops Stortford in the first round, to set up a tie against Harrogate Town in the second round. The tie at Harrogate ended 1-1, setting up a replay at the Pilot Field which televised live by ESPN Sports and witnessed in front of a sell-out crowd. Hastings won the game on penalties and set up an away tie against Middlesbrough in the third round, where the club were knocked out after losing 4-1 in the biggest match in the club's history.Despite the remarkable cup run, the club's league form left them languishing near the relegation places and the club were eventually relegated after a three-and-a-half month winless streak. Ray departed shortly before the 2013-14 season and John Maggs was appointed in September 2013. Maggs only lasted five months and was replaced by Terry White, who took the club the play-offs, losing to Folkestone Invicta in the semi-final.  White resigned in October 2014 and was replaced by Dominic di Paolo, who himself only lasted until News Years Day and was replaced by Nigel Kane.
In April 2015 Dave Walters stepped down as club chairman, selling his majority shares to Dave Ormerod. A new board was quickly appointed and Garry Wilson was appointed manager for 2015-16, the club had ambitions to challenge for promotion, however the team ended up in a disappointing seventh place and Wilson resigned. Darren Hare signed a two-year deal to become manager from 2016-17 with Steven Watt as his assistant. Players with Football League experience such as Lenny Pidgeley, Matt Bodkin and Frannie Collin, who scored a record equalling 32 goals, joined the club. After a fifth-place finish in the league, the club lost in the play-off semi-finals to Dorking Wanderers and Hare departed as manager shortly after.Former Brighton & Hove Albion player Adam Hinshelwood took over as manager, also signing a two-year deal, who alongside his assistant Chris Agutter, would work full-time at the club, also overseeing the academy setup. By now the club were investing a lot more time and resources into the academy side and development squad, with a view to bringing more young local players into the senior side. Hinshelwood left his role in September 2017 and was taken over by Agutter.In 2019, club owners Daren Burney and Peter Sherlock appointed music agent Billy Wood as Chief Executive Officer with David Nessling, Tony Cosens and David Ormerod departing the club by resignation. With the club under a new wave of momentum attendances rose to consistent levels not witnessed in decades with Chris Agutter's team closing in on the Isthmian South East League championship before COVID-19 sent the league into lockdown and eventually the league was terminated, null and voiding 2019/20.
The club's nickname is officially "the Arrows", which reflects the story of King Harold taking an arrow to the eye in the Battle of Hastings. However the club is more commonly referred to as "the U's" by supporters. The traditional colours of Hastings United are claret and blue, though for the 2017-18 season the home kit is all white, with claret and blue trim.
The club's earliest known colours as Rock-a-Nore were blue and white, with the nickname the "Tanfrocks" or "the Rocks". When the club became Hastings & St Leonards their home kit was all white, with the nickname being the "Lilywhites" in reference to the kit or "the Stingers". By the 1930s the club colours were red and white and at one point were playing in red and white striped shirts. After changing name to Hastings Town, the club nickname become "the Town". Yellow and Blue kits were a common choice of away colours for Hastings Town, a trend which carried on after becoming Hastings United. Though in more recent years, the club have also used white away kits.
The club's former club crest is a variation of the Hastings coat of arms, the club started using the coat of arms in the 1990s with a more simplified version. A silhouette of a player kicking a football surrounded by the letters "HTFC" had previously been used and before that silhouette of Fir trees on a red and black background, reflecting the club colours and home ground at the Firs.
From 2020 the club's crest changed to one of a Lion symbolising the three on the coat of arms coming together to show the bond between the staff, the players and the supporters. With the rebrand Hastings United went back to the traditional claret home strip. The club also officially made it clear the nickname of the club is not 'the Arrows' but The 'U's as most commonly used by the supporters.
Hastings United's home ground is the Pilot Field, where the club have been based since 1985 and was also their home between 1920, and 1948, with the original Hastings United using the ground between 1948 and 1985. Before the opening of the Pilot Field in 1920, the club had mostly used the East Hill as their home. The club had also spent a season playing at the "Sports Ground", located on what is now White Rock Gardens and also played home fixtures on the Central Recreation Ground throughout the 1890s and 1900s.
After initially moving to the Pilot Field, facilities were very basic, until the construction of the main stand which was officially opened in 1926, alongside fencing, toilets and parking facilities. The club were forced out in 1948 and after a short spell playing on basic public pitches, the club moved to the upper pitch of the Pilot Field, later known as "the Firs". Facilities at the Firs were sufficient enough for the club to enter the Sussex County League in 1952 and in the late 1970s the club temporarily moved to Bulverhythe, Hastings Rangers home pitch, whilst the pitch and clubhouse were upgraded.
In 1985 the club moved back to the Pilot Field, which since 1948 had seen the construction of two new stands behind one goal, floodlights and additional catering facilities. A new clubhouse was constructed near the main entrance in 1998 and further extended the following year, the "Cole Warren" stand was erected in 2005 at the far end of the ground and providing covered standing and seating on three sides of the ground.
There had been proposals previously to give the Pilot Field a major upgrade which never came to fruition; however in 2007 the idea of building a new stadium was first mentioned by chairman, Dave Walters. Due to the increasing cost of ground maintenance, particularly on the main stand, Walters expressed an interest in building a new stadium as part of a new sports complex, funded by the selling of the Pilot Field and the neighbouring Firs ground, most of which lay derelict. However the plans never went any further than minimal contact between Hastings Borough Council and the football club.In November 2016, it was revealed that the directors of Hastings United had been working with the trustees of Horntye Park and Sport England for 18 months on plans to build a new multimillion-pound sports complex. Located in Bulverhythe, used by many amateur teams in Hastings and Bexhill and next to the pitch Hastings Town used for a spell in the late 1970s, the complex will be home to Hastings United, Hastings Priory Cricket Club and South Saxons Hockey Club. Proposed facilities include a 3,000 capacity stadium for Hastings United, 4g and grass football pitches, cricket pitches, Astroturf pitch and indoor sports complex. The complex will also contain educational facilities for Sussex Coast College. It is proposed that the development will be funded by housing developments built on land next to the complex at Bulverhythe, the Pilot Field and Horntye Park.
For the 2016-17 season the club's average attendance was 376, third highest in the Isthmian League Division One South, behind Guernsey and Lewes respectively.The Hastings United Supporters Club runs fundraising events for club in the clubhouse and more recently in the newly acquired Sports and Social Club, such as regular quiz nights and parties. The club charges a membership fee to join and is run by a committee voted for by members.
Under the reigns of new CEO Billy Wood the club's average attendance in 2019-20 season was 607, making Hastings United the 11th largest supported team in the country in the National League System from Step 3 downwards. This number also makes Hastings United the best supported non league team in East Sussex.
As of 25 September 2020.Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
For all Hastings United and Hastings Town players with a Wikipedia article see Category:Hastings United F.C. players.
As of 16 April 2020.
For all Hastings United and Hastings Town managers with a Wikipedia article see Category:Hastings United F.C. managers.
Record attendance: 4,888 vs Nottingham Forest, 1996
League attendance: 1,834 vs AFC Wimbledon, 2005
Transfer fee paid: £8,000 to Ashford Town, for Nicky Dent.
Transfer fee received: £50,000 from Nottingham Forest, for Paul Smith.
Most goals in a season: Terry White (1999-00) and Frannie Colin (2016-17), 32
Official website
Hastings United at the Football Club History Database
Hastings Football History
Combe Valley Sports Village Website for proposed sports complex
Ilona Csepreghyné-Meznerics, née Meznerics (25 May 1906 – 14 January 1977), was an Hungarian stratigrapher and invertebrate paleontologist.
Ilona Csepreghyné-Meznerics was born in Szabadka, in the Kingdom of Hungary (today, Subotica, Serbia). She moved to Budapest, the capital of Hungary, as a teenager and graduated with honors of the Gymnasium for Girls in 1924. She earned high school teacher's certificates in chemistry and physics in 1929 and received her Ph.D. (cum laude) in geology with a focus on paleontology from the University of Budapest the following year. Csepreghyné-Meznerics was awarded a three-year stipend in 1931 to work at the Natural History Museum (German: Naturhistorisches Museum) in Vienna, Austria and worked in the paleontology department there. Upon her return to Budapest, she taught high school from 1935 to 1940. Csepreghyné-Meznerics got a job as a researcher at the Hungarian Natural History Museum (Hungarian: Magyar Természettudományi Múzeum) in Budapest that year and married Dr. Bela Csepreghyné in 1945. She was promoted to curator in 1948 and became the head of the geology-paleontology department in 1951. Csepreghyné-Meznerics remained until there until 1970 and then she worked for the State Geological Institute from 1971 until her retirement in 1973. She died on 14 January 1977.
Csepreghyné-Meznerics' initial specialty was Tertiary molluscs found in various areas of Hungary and Austria and she "later worked on Miocene forms, and made a major contribution on Pectinids. Her paper designating the importance of Pectinids for stratigraphy was published in the Memoirs of the French Geological Society. She continued working after her retirement, but did not finish incorporating her Hungarian data into the revised volume of the Lexique stratigraphique before her death.
Ogilvie, Marilyn & Harvey, Joy, eds. (2000). The Biographical Dictionary of Women in Science: Pioneering Lives From Ancient Times to the mid-20th Century. 1: A-K. New York, NY: Routledge. ISBN 0-415-92039-6.
Emmanuel Kwesi Danso Arthur Junior (born 18 December 1994), better known as Kwesi Arthur or Son of Jacob, is a rapper and musician from Tema, Ghana. He was nominated for Best International Act at the 2018 BET Awards. He is currently considered one of the best young artists in Ghana, and Africa. His favorite word he use to say is Didadee. He became the second Ghanaian rapper to be nominated for BET Hip Hop Awards Cypher after Sarkodie’s nomination in 2019.
Kwesi Arthur was born in Tema, Ghana to Ghanaian parents. Kwesi is the second of 4 kids. He has two brothers, one of which is also a musician (Dayonthetrack) and a sister. He has lived in Tema all his life and went to the Tema Secondary school which he completed in 2013. Kwesi could not make it to the university because of financial constraints so he resorted to working in a studio called XLC studios in community 9 Tema where he learnt to record and produce music.
Kwesi Arthur started writing raps after listening to Drake's debut album, Thank Me Later.In 2017, he released the lead single "Grind Day" from his debut EP, Live from Nkrumah Krom (2017). The record was released under his independent outfit and supported by a social movement called GroundUp Chale. He later released the remix for "Grind Day", featuring Sarkodie and Medikal.Kwesi Arthur has collaborated with numerous Ghanaian musician, including Sarkodie, Medikal, KiDi, Jason E LA, R2Bees, B4bonah, M3dal, M.anifest, EL, Stonebwoy, Shatta Wale and South African rapper Nasty C . He was nominated for Best International Act at the 2018 BET Awards.Kwesi Arthur is one of the most successful artists in Ghana, with his music being internationally recognised and awarded. In 2020 his song Live From The 233 was one of the most streamed African songs on the streaming service Apple Music
Live from Nkrumah Krom (2017)
Live from Nkrumah Krom Vol II Home Run (2019)
An emoluments attachment order in South African law is a court order whereby the judgment creditor is able to attach part of the salary or wages of the judgment debtor. Once an emoluments attachment order has been granted, the employer of the judgment debtor (who is referred to as the garnishee) is obliged (on a continuing basis, and until such time as the judgment debt has been paid in full) to pay a certain portion of the judgment debtor's salary or wages to the judgment creditor.The employer is known as the emoluments attachment debtor or garnishee. It is important to distinguish between the employer as an emoluments attachment order debtor, or garnishee, and the actual judgment debtor. Emoluments attachment orders are signed by the judgment creditor, or by a nominated attorney, as well as by the clerk, and are served by the sheriff on the emoluments attachment debtor or garnishee. An emoluments attachment order may be executed against the emoluments attachment debtor or garnishee as if it were a judgment of the court. The order is always subject to the rights of the judgment debtor, emoluments attachment debtor or any interested party to dispute the validity or correctness of the order.The emoluments attachment order “is a good way of proceeding against a judgment debtor who does not possess sufficient attachable assets to pay off a significant portion of the debt.” Because the money goes directly from the employer to the judgment creditor, the latter's attorney does not have to worry about the judgment debtor spending it before it can be attached. The judgment debtor also has an interest in retaining his job. As long as he does so, the debt will continue to be paid.
Application for an emoluments attachment order may be made when
the court has suspended the execution of an order or warrant for the imprisonment of a judgment debtor in terms of section 65F(2), pending the payment by the judgment debtor of the judgment debt and costs in specific instalments as determined in the suspension order; or
the court has ordered a judgment debtor to pay the judgment debt and costs in specified instalments, as determined in the order; or
the judgment debt remains unpaid despite the fact that the judgment debtor has served the term of his or her imprisonment or periodical imprisonment by the court due to a failure to comply with the order; or
the judgment debtor consented thereto in writing; or
a court has authorised it.
Application for an emoluments attachment order may be made from the court of the district wherein the employer (that is, the garnishee) resides, carries on business or is employed; or alternatively, where the judgment debtor is employed by the State, the court of the district wherein the judgment debtor is so employed by the State.
In terms of section 65J(2)(a) and (b), an emoluments attachment order will not be issued
unless the judgment debtor has consented thereto in writing, or the court has so authorised and does not suspend the authorisation;
unless the judgment creditor or an appointed attorney has
sent a registered letter to the judgment debtor at his or her last known address informing the judgment debtor of the amount of the judgment debt and the costs which remain unpaid, and also warning that an emoluments attachment order will be issued if the mentioned amount is not paid within seven days after the date on which that registered letter has been posted; and
filed with the clerk an affidavit or affirmation wherein is indicated
the amount of the judgment debt on the date of the order laying down the specific instalments;
the costs, if any, incurred since that date; and
the balance owing; and
it is declared that the provision above, requiring the sending of the registered letter, have been complied with on the date specified therein.Once the emoluments attachment order has been issued and served on the emoluments attachment debtor or garnishee, a certain amount will be deducted from the judgment debtor's salary by the garnishee at the end of every month, and paid over to the judgment creditor. The garnishee is entitled to deduct a five per cent commission for this service.The court may on good cause suspend, amend or rescind the order, especially where the judgment debtor can show that, after the deduction, there are insufficient means available to support the judgment debtor and any dependants. Where the judgment debtor leaves the employment of the garnishee, the judgment debtor must advise the judgment creditor of the name and address of the new employer. The judgment creditor may then serve a certified copy of the order, together with a certificate of the balance of the debt owed, on the new employer. The new employer, as the new garnishee, is then bound by the order.
In terms of the procedure adopted in the Magistrates’ Courts, there is a distinction between emoluments attachment orders (which relate to the attachment of the salary or wages owing or accruing to the judgment debtor by a third party), and garnishee orders (which relate to the attachment of all the other kinds of debts which may be owed to the judgment debtor by a third party).
In essence, an emoluments attachment order is a procedure whereby a debt may be collected from a judgment debtor. The order is served on the debtor's employer (the garnishee), who is instructed to make regular weekly or monthly deductions from the debtor's salary and to pay these deductions over to the judgment creditor.
A garnishee order, on the other hand, allows a judgment creditor to attach a money debt owed to the judgment debtor by a third party. The order is served on the third party and attaches money owed by the third party (who is also known as a garnishee) to the judgment debtor. The third party or garnishee is then obliged to hand over to the judgment creditor directly as much of the attached money debt as is necessary to satisfy the judgment debt and costs.
Civil procedure in South Africa
C. Theophilopoulos, A.W.T. Rowan, C.M. van Heerden. Fundamental Principle of Civil Procedure. 2nd Edition. LexisNexis, 2006.
S. Peté, D. Hulme, M. du Plessis (eds) Civil Procedure: A Practical Guide. 2nd Edition. Oxford University Press, 2011.
The Bus is a bus simulation game developed by TML-Studios and published by Aerosoft. The early access version was available via Steam for Microsoft Windows on 25 March 2021.
The Bus is described as "the next generation of city bus driving simulation".  It is set in the capital city of Germany, Berlin, featuring a scale of 1:1 recreation of the city.
The Bus is developed by TML-Studios, who is known for Fernbus Simulator, World of Subways series and City Bus Simulator series, with Aerosoft publishes the game. The early access version was available for Microsoft Windows on 25 March 2021. The game is set to leave early access in 2022, when multiplayer is expected to be available.
Official website (in English and German)
Johan Brunström and Frederik Nielsen were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Brian Baker and Mackenzie McDonald won the title after defeating Sekou Bangoura and Eric Quigley 6–3, 6–4 in the final.
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Freja Ryberg (Ludvigsborg, 5 October 1832 - 1 June 1920, Paris), was a Finnish stage actress. She was a leading member of the first pioneer group of actors engaged at the foundation of the Swedish Theatre in Helsinki, the first permanent theatre in Finland, the first years after its foundation (1860–63).
Freja Ryberg was the daughter of land surveyor Tuve Ludvig Ryberg and Cathrina Charlotta Kemner and sister of the artist Hulda Ryberg.
She was a student actor of the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1852-53 and engaged in the theatre company of Edvard Stjernström. In 1860, she was engaged at the newly founded Swedish Theatre in Helsinki.
Alongside Fredrik Deland and Hjalmar Agardh, she was among the theatre's greatest attractions during the first years of its duration, the leading lady of the Finnish stage and frequently mentioned in the Finnish press. In 1863, however, the theatre burnt down and could not be rebuilt until three years later, and Ryberg left Finland. Freja Ryberg was long remembered in Finland, and the later famous Charlotte Raa-Winterhjelm was initially compared to her when she made her debut some years later.
Freja Ryberg married the French writer Alphonse Vinaty in 1866 and settled in Paris, where she died.
The College of Nursing, Trivandrum, Kerala, India, founded in 1972, is the pioneer institute for nursing education in Kerala and one of the earliest in South East Asia. It comes under the Directorate of Medical Education, Government of Kerala and is affiliated to the University of Kerala and the Kerala University of Health Sciences.
It started as a school of nursing in the 1943,offering diploma courses to students. It was in the year 1963,that it was elevated into a college with bachelor programs, first of its kind in Kerala. Since its establishment, it remained as a department under the Government Medical College Trivandrum. It was only recently that it began to function as a separate autonomous entity under the DME.
The school has been offering post-graduate programmes in nursing since 1987. The college has four areas of PG specialty training:  (medical-surgical nursing) 'paediatric nursing, obstetrical and gynaecological nursing and community health nursing. It is the only center in Kerala offering doctoral studies in nursing.
Originally, the number of male students permitted to enroll in the school was restructured to 12.5% of applicants. Presently, the college admits male students with no restriction as to numbers. Previously, students were admitted based on the ranks secured in the All Kerala Medical Entrance Examination, but now the entries are based on marks of the Higher Secondary School Certificates.
The capacity of the undergraduate program was increased from 60 to 75 in 2008.
1943- Govt. College of Nursing began functioning as school of nursing attached to General Hospital, Thiruvanthapuram.
1954-The School of Nursing was shifted to Medical College campus.
1960-Diploma programme in Teaching and Administration  started with an annual intake of 10 students.
1963- School of Nursing was upgraded to College of Nursing with the starting of Post Basic B.Sc (N) for diploma Nurses which was the first of its kind in South East Asia.
1972- Four year degree programme in Nursing (B.Sc Nursing) was started  with an annual intake of 25 students. The present college building was inaugurated on 12 April 1972 by Dr.K.Balaraman Nair, the then Director of Health Services.
1987-Started  Post graduate course in nursing (M.Sc Nursing) in Medical and Surgical specialties with an annual intake of four students.
1992- BSc Nursing seats were increased from 25 to 50 with 6 seats reserved for boys.
1996- Three new M Sc Nursing Specialities (Child Health Nursing, Obstetrics & Gynecological Nursing & Community Health Nursing) were started with 4 students per speciality.
1998- Manpower empowerment in Trauma Care in co-operation with Loma Linda University, USA. Male Candidates were admitted to GNM Programme.
1999- Started Global Health Exchange Programme in Nursing with Karolinska Institute, Sweden.
2002- Increased the number of seats of BSc Nursing to 60. Faculty Exchange Programme under Linnaeus Palme Exchange (LPE) started..
2005- College of Nursing was recognized as study center for PhD in Nursing as part of National Consortium, India Nursing Council. MSc Nursing seat increased from 16 to 28.
2007- Launched website for College of Nursing, Thiruvanathapuram
2008- Increased the BSc Nursing  seats to 75. Recognized as Research Center under University of Kerala.
2010 -Post Basic BSc. Nursing Programme restarted. BSc. Nursing, Post Basic BSc. Nursing & MSc. Nursing programme were affiliated to Kerala University of Health Sciences (KUHS)
2011–One year Post Basic Diploma Programmes started in four specialties, such as Critical Care Nursing, Oncology Nursing, Nurse Midwifery Practitioner and Emergency and Disaster Nursing. A new PG block was inaugurated under the Prime Ministers Swasthya Suraksha Yogana (PMSSY) scheme.
2012- Inauguration of the New Block in the campus.
2014- A mutual recognition agreement (MRA) was made between Singapore Government and Government of India which recognized this college as an Institution of Higher Learning in Nursing Education along with three more prestigious institutions in India.
2015 –  Exchange programme in nursing with West Chester University, Pennsylvania, USA commenced.
2016- Revised syllabus for BSc Nursing by Kerala University of Health Sciences (KUHS) was implemented. Inaugurated a multipurpose hall and a new conference hall.
College of Nursing, Trivandrum, Kerala, India
The death's head cockroach, Blaberus craniifer, is a species of cockroach belonging to the family Blaberidae. It is often confused with the discoid cockroach, Blaberus discoidalis, due to its similar appearance. It is distinguished by jet black cloak-like marking on its wings and a skull-shaped, amber/black marking on its pronotum. The name death's head comes from the markings on the top of the pronotum: "cranii", which is Latin for "of the head", and "fer", meaning "carry" or "carrier." Due to their unique appearance and certain characteristics, they make an easy to care for pet or display insect for entomologists and hobbyists.
B. craniifer is native to Mexico, the West Indies, and Central America. It has also been introduced into southern Florida in the United States. They can be found on forest floors, hiding in leaf matter and rotting wood.
In their native habitats, B. craniifer will feed on any organic food source available, including leaf matter. In captivity, it is recommended they are provided foods like fresh fruit and vegetables, wet dog food and moist cereal. B. craniifer is potential prey for both invertebrates, such as spiders, mantids, centipedes, and parasitoid wasps, and vertebrate insectivorous animals, including fish, amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals.
In response to a predator approaching or after an attack, B. craniifer burrows itself into softer substrates when possible, using its head and pronotum, allowing the cockroach to hide. Cockroaches are gregarious insects, meaning they often interact and associate with one another. B. craniifer secretes a volatile aggregative pheromone from the mandibular glands when engaging in gregarious behaviour.
Adults of B. craniifer have wings that possess pink flight muscles capable of supporting sustained flight. However, they generally only glide short distances. Juveniles lack wings and prefer to burrow.Cockroaches, including B. craniifer, are known to possess independent pulsatile circulatory organs within their antennae, also known as an antennal heart.It has been found that B. craniifer is capable of regenerating some of its tissues. B.craniifer can regenerate more proximal tissues and structures in a more distal amputation level on its leg after a distal part of the femur foreleg was transplanted to a proximal level of a hindleg tibia. This discovery concluded then that some insects are capable of regenerating certain tissues, and the most frequent type of regeneration in B. craniifer is intercalary regeneration.
B. craniifer are ovoviviparous cockroaches and mate once at a time. The act of mating begins with the female emitting a sex pheromone, which stimulates loco-motor activity in the male to approach the female. While the female emits the sex pheromones from pygidial glands, which are located posteriorly on the abdomen, she will also assume a calling posture. The male touches the female with his antennae to assess her as a sexual partner. The male raises his wings and wingsheaths vertically and rotates 180 degrees. The female turns and moves towards the males' abdominal tergites, where an aphrodisiac sex pheromone made exclusively by males is emitted through secretions. A close relationship is known to exist between the release of these pheromonal signals from specific glands and the corresponding behaviours of female calling posture and male wing raising. The female licks these secretions while the male slides backwards underneath the female and hooks the edge of the subgenital plate with his phallomere. The female allows insertion by the male into the genital atrium by turning 180 degrees and opening the abdominal cavity.The spermatophore is made by the male inside the females' genital atrium, which is rejected by her multiple days later due to the secretions of her spermathecal glands. Several days later, an ootheca is laid and placed by the female into her brood sac. The gestation period for B. craniifer lasts 55 to 65 days. After this period, the ootheca is ejected and the larvae free themselves from the embryonic covering. During the preoviposition period and during gestation sexual receptivity of females is inhibited.Both sexes have fully developed wings, but can be distinguished in that the females have a much larger subgenital plate than the males. While sexual dimorphism of the antennae is often seen in other cockroach species, such as Periplaneta americana, no antennal sexual dimorphism is apparent in B. craniifer.
Black and white photograph of top view of B. craniifer nymph, from Smithsonian Miscellaneous Collection
The Peruvian Hairless Dog, Peruvian viringo, naked dog, or Chimú dog is one of several breeds of hairless dog. It is native to Peru and it is usually raised as a pet. It has been officially recognized as part of Peru's cultural heritage.
According to the FCI breed standard, the most important aspect of its appearance is its hairlessness. The dog may have short hair on top of its head, on its feet, and on the tip of its tail. In Peru, breeders tend to prefer completely hairless dogs. The full-coated variety is disqualified from conformation showing.
The color of skin can be chocolate-brown, elephant-grey, copper, or mottled. They can be totally one color or one color with tongue pink spots. Albinism is not accepted. The eye color is linked to the skin color. It is always brown, but dogs with light colors can have clearer eyes than darker-skinned dogs.
Peruvian Hairless Dogs come in three sizes:
Small 25 – 40 cm (10 – 16 inches)
Medium 40 – 50 cm (16 – 20 inches)
Large 50 – 65 cm (20 – 26 inches)Weight is also varied according to size :
Small  4 – 8 kg (9 – 18 lbs)
Medium  8 – 12 kg (18 – 26 lbs)
Large  12 – 25 kg (26 – 55 lbs)The dogs should be slim and elegant, with the impression of force and harmony, without being coarse.
The ears should be candle-flame shaped and erect with the possibility to lay flat.
Proportions of height (at withers) to length (withers to base of tail) are 1:1.
The breed's bald bodies radiate heat. Many in Peru use the dogs as living hot-water bottles for warmth at night, or pain management. They are intelligent, affectionate with family, but wary of strangers, and very protective of women and children in the family. The breed is typically lively, alert and friendly with other dogs.
They are agile and fast, and many of them enjoy sight-hunting small rodents.
These dogs do not like to be alone, but when trained, can do well. They tend to know their allowed territories and respect it.
These dogs are intolerant of extreme temperatures, although they are quite comfortable wearing clothing and will even play in the snow if dressed warmly. 
They generally require an owner that understands dog language and are not recommended for beginners.
They learn fast, and they are very smart, but get bored easily with repetitious games like "fetch".
The lack of hair leads to a reputation for being easy to wash and for a natural lack of fleas. The breed does not cause typical allergic reactions to dog-sensitive humans because they lack the normal dog dander. Dogs should be washed from time to time to remove dirt and prevent clogging of pores. Baby cleaners are a good choice provided that they do not contain lanolin. Some dogs are prone to have acne or at least blackheads. The skin sometimes becomes too dry and can then be treated with moisturizing cream. Again, baby lotion without lanolin is a good product choice to soften and moisturize cleansed skin. The dogs seem to prefer olive oil, vegetable oil, or coconut oil, possibly because of the perfumes and other chemicals found in commercial moisturizing creams.
Sunscreen may be useful during summer for lightly colored/white dogs. When out-breeding Peruvians typically select dark-coated dogs to ensure puppies with dark skin.
Protection against cold is necessary when the dog is not able to move around at its own speed under adverse weather conditions. Sensitivity to cold may vary from dog to dog. Smaller dogs seem to be more sensitive to the cold than larger dogs.  Even so, the dogs are kept in Puno at 3,800 meters altitude, where the average temperature is 15 degrees Celsius, and are fairly common in Cusco at 3,400 meters.
The rims of the ears sometimes need special attention as they can become dry and cracked.
The gene that causes hairlessness also results in the breed often having fewer teeth than other breeds,mostly lacking molars and premolars. All are born with full sets of puppy teeth, but these are not fully replaced by adult teeth as they naturally fall out, leaving them with varying levels of adult dentition. 
The hairlessness trait is a dominant double lethal mutation, which means that homozygotic hairlessness does not exist. Homozygous embryos, those with two copies of the gene, do not develop in the womb. This results in an average birthrate of 2:1, hairless : coated.
According to Hans Räber "Enzyklopädie der Rassehunde" T.I 33% of the population is born coated.
While they are recognized by the American Kennel Club (AKC) for its Foundation Stock Service as Peruvian Inca Orchids, they cannot be shown at AKC shows. They are also registerable with FCI, United Kennel Club, National Kennel Club, APRI, ACR registries. Some breeders think that interbreeding with coated (Peruvian) dogs is required to maintain functional teeth and nervous system health in subsequent generations. They say that breeding of hairless with hairless (and common but unacknowledged culling of coated pups from litters to maintain a "pure" image) leads to short-lived dogs with serious health problems. However, other breeders (especially in Peru) think the opposite and that they are doing well (and have been for centuries).  Peruvian non-breeder families typically out-breed with coated dogs every second or third generation to keep them healthy.
Like all dog breeds, there are some health problems. These include Inflammatory Bowel Disease, seizures, stroke, and skin lesions. The dogs are very sensitive to toxins and care should be taken in the use of insecticides. Insecticides are absorbed through the skin and body fat keeps these toxins from entering the liver too quickly. Since these dogs have very low body fat, toxins are absorbed too quickly and cause severe damage to the nervous system and GI tract.
The Peruvian Hairless Dog is often perceived to be an Incan dog because it is known to have been kept during the Inca Empire (the Spaniards classified them as one of the six different breeds of dogs in the empire), they were also kept as pets in pre-Inca cultures from the Peruvian northern coastal zone. Ceramic hairless dogs from the Chimú, Moche, and Vicus culture are well known. Depictions of Peruvian hairless dogs appear around A.D. 750 on Moche ceramic vessels and continue in later Andean ceramic traditions.Peruvian Hairless Dogs are now a symbol of Peru and part of its national heritage, celebrated in art and literature. The Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI) accepted the breed and adopted an official breed standard. Before that time, in the United States, some enthusiasts created another type of Peruvian hairless dog, the Peruvian Inca Orchid.  The Peruvian Inca Orchid is recognized by the AKC and all recognized dogs are descendants of 13 dogs brought from Peru in the early 20th century. The UKC also recognized the breed in recent years.
In 2018, an analysis of DNA from the entire cell nucleus indicated that dogs entered North America from Siberia 4,500 years after humans did, were isolated for the next 9,000 years, and after contact with Europeans these no longer exist because they were replaced by Eurasian dogs. The pre-contact dogs exhibit a unique genetic signature that is now gone.
American Hairless Terrier
Chinese Crested Dog
Chiribaya Dog, also known as Peruvian Shepherd Dog
Rare breed (dog)
Sphynx or Canadian Hairless Cat
Xoloitzcuintle
 Media related to Peruvian Hairless Dog (category) at Wikimedia Commons
British neoconservatism is often regarded as more socially liberal than its US counterpart, but shares a world view of threats and opportunities. British neoconservatives are strong proponents of foreign intervention in the Arab world and beyond, the role of the private sector in military contracts and an alliance with Israel.
There is a suspicion in British public life of 'philosophy', which has meant that politicians in the UK rarely refer to any overarching theories.  In The Centre-left and New Right Divide?: Political Philosophy and Aspects of UK Social Policy in the Era of the welfare State, for example, Steven Smith argues that academic explanations of the resilience of the welfare state in the face of the New Right reforms have focused on the social, political and economic processes that tend to bolster the activities of state welfare provision, rather than the underlying philosophies.
Spinwatch describes Douglas Murray as 'the 'enfant terrible' of British neoconservatism. Murray is typical of the movement in arguing that the 'innate flaws of liberal democracy' leave Europe vulnerable to exploitation and domination by Islamic Fundamentalists; and that strong armed forces prepared to go to war are essential to the survival of what he sees as Conservative values. As head of the Centre for Social Cohesion his ideas have been influential in some NATO circles. Philosophically, he claims to be influenced by the authoritarianism of Leo Strauss, and the concept of dhimmitude as it was put forward by Bat Ye'or.Bat Ye'orMurray's keynote book, Neoconservatism: Why We Need It was published by the Social Affairs Unit in 2005. An inspiration for Murray, who he frequently praises in the book, is the academic philosopher, Roger Scruton, who was part of a group of right-wing Cambridge University intellectuals under the influence of Maurice Cowling, an historian. In 1978 Cowling helped found the Salisbury Group of conservative thinkers (named after the earlier British Prime Minister). In the same year Cowling published Conservative Essays which states:
"If there is a class war - and there is - it is important that it should be handled with subtlety and skill. [...] It is not freedom that Conservatives want; what they want is the sort of freedom that will maintain existing inequalities or restore lost ones".The original Cambridge group however also included John Vincent, another historian, and Edward Norman, a theologian and historian. As Scruton says in his semi-autobiographical book, Gentle Regrets: Thoughts From a Life, it influenced a new generation of neo-con thinkers including Charles Moore, former editor of The Daily Telegraph, and former Chief Rabbi Jonathan Sacks. Scruton himself offers the French post-war President Charles De Gaulle as a model because the General defined the French nation in terms of its high culture, while detesting the philosopher Michael Foucault, who he says was 'one of the gurus' of his students, for shallow relativism and for teaching that `truth' requires inverted commas.
British neoconservatism has also been directly influenced by its US counterpart. One example is the Henry Jackson Society, founded in Cambridge in 2005, and named after Senator Henry 'Scoop' Jackson, a key influence on US neoconservatism.
The list includes public people identified as personally neoconservative.
Michael Gove – Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster; Conservative MP for Surrey Heath
Euston Manifesto
^Bat Ye'or  Bat Ye'or defined "dhiminitude" as the condition of the non-Muslim persons forced to live under Islamic law in the context of Jihad.
Arun Kundnani, How are thinktanks shaping the political agenda on Muslims in Britain?, Institute of Race Relations, 2 September 2008.
John Kampfner, The British neoconservatives, New Statesman, 12 May 2003.
Category:UK - Neocon Europe, accessed 3 June 2009.
Bernt Albert (born 11 October 1944) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Vest-Agder during the term 1969–1973.
List of political parties in Norway
The Carnation Kid is a 1929 American drama film directed by E. Mason Hopper and Leslie Pearce and written by Alfred A. Cohn, Arthur Huffsmith and Henry McCarty. The film stars Douglas MacLean, Frances Lee, William B. Davidson, Lorraine MacLean, Charles Hill Mailes, and Francis McDonald. The film was released on March 2, 1929, by Paramount Pictures.
Douglas MacLean as Clarence Kendall
Frances Lee as Doris Whitely
William B. Davidson as Blythe
Lorraine MacLean as Lucille
Charles Hill Mailes as Crawford Whitely
Francis McDonald as The Carnation Kid
Maurice Black as Tony
Ben Swor Jr. as Blinkey
Carl Stockdale as Deacon
The Carnation Kid at IMDb
Ras Shiloh (born Thomas Williams; January 6, 1975 in Brooklyn, United States) is a reggae artist who made From Rasta to you in 2002 and Only King Selassie I in 2007 concerning Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia the God reincarnate or the king by holy appointment of the Rastafari movement. His tenor vocals have been compared to the late Garnett Silk.
Chants (1997), Melchezidek - Ras Shiloh & Idrens
Babylon You Doom (1998), Shiloh B
Listen Well (1999), Who Dun It
From Rasta To You (2002), VP
Coming Home (2007), VP
Only King Selassie (2007), Greensleeves
Humanity EP (2012), Flava McGregor Records
David Kenny (born 16 November 1962) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a winger.
Kenny played for Celtic, Dumbarton, Partick Thistle, Apollon Limassol and APOEL.
David Kenny at Post War English & Scottish Football League A–Z Player's Database
The Wyrd Sisters are a Canadian folk music group formed in 1990 in Winnipeg by founding members Kim Baryluk, Nancy Reinhold and Kim Segal.  The band chose the name "the Wyrd Sisters" to represent and reclaim the ancient pre-Christian triple goddess, also known as Weird, Wurd, Urd, Urth and The Fates. Presenting initially as a trio, the group later grew to include a full band.
The Wyrd Sisters have released six independent recordings to both fan and critical acclaim.  Herizon Magazine dubbed the Wyrd Sisters' 1997 release Raw Voice, "a collection of 11 lyrically intelligent and musically diverse songs that can best be described as folk-pop-jazz fusion with a feminist bent" and said of the band's 2001 release Sin & Other Salvations, the lyrics were marked by "elegant, spare poetry" and new band member Kiva's "ethereal tones enhance the beautiful harmonies that have marked the [band's] previous three recordings".Three of the Wyrd Sisters' recordings have been nominated for Juno Awards (Canada's national music awards) in the Best Roots & Traditional Album - Group category: Inside The Dreaming (1996), Raw Voice (1998) and Sin & Other Salvations (2002).  Sin & Other Salvations won a Prairie Music Award (forerunner of the Western Canadian Music Awards) for best album, Roots and Traditional.  Many of their songs have been recorded and covered by other performers.  They have several videos and have scored music for movies.
In 2005, the band began a legal action against Warner Brothers, Jarvis Cocker of Pulp, and Jonny Greenwood and Phil Selway of Radiohead for trademark infringement over the use of their band name in the film Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.  The injunction was dismissed, and the band was ordered to pay costs.  As of March 2010, the lawsuit has been settled, the details sealed.
The band has evolved throughout its history, always centred on a trio of vocalists, and backed on stage and in recordings by additional instrumentalists.
Members of the core vocal trio have included:
Kim Baryluk (1990–present) (all recordings)
Nancy Reinhold (1990–2002) (vocals & guitar) (Leave a Little Light, Inside the Dreaming, Raw Voice, Sin & Other Salvations)
Kim Segal (1990–1992) (Leave a Little Light)
Lianne Fournier (1993–2000) (vocals & keyboard) (Inside the Dreaming, Raw Voice)
Kiva (2000–2005) (vocals & keyboard) (Sin & Other Salvations)
Lindsay Jane (2003–2004) (vocals & guitar)
Jennifer Gibson (2005–2006) (Wholly)
Delina (2006) (Wholly)
Johanna Hildebrandt (2006–present) (vocals & violin) (Wholly, A Little More Light)
Dem McLeod (2006–present) (A Little More Light)Additional touring musicians have included:
Carolyna Loveless (2008–present) (drums, percussion, background vocals)Additional musicians on recordings have included:
Leave a Little Light: Don Benedictson – bass, Greg Lowe – guitars, Sandy D'Aoust – guitar, Marilyn Lerner – keyboards, Mitch Dorge – percussion, Karen Erhardt – cello, Reg Kelln – snare
Inside the Dreaming: Don Benedictson – bass, Marilyn Lerner – piano & keyboards, Andy Stochansky – percussion, Paul O'Neill – guitars & mandolin, Gilles Fournier – upright bass, Lori Freedman – bass clarinet, Eli Herskovitch – clarinet, Dave Lawton – Trumpet, Sasha Boychouk – soprano saxophone, Richard Moody – viola, Larry Roy – guitar, Veronique Potvin – viola, Glenn Matthews – percussion
Raw Voice: Don Benedictson (as db benedictson) – bass, Rob Lee – drums, Paul O'Neill – guitars, mandolin & synth, Darryl Havers – organs, Sasha Boychouk – saxophones, Marilyn Lerner – piano, Richard Moody – viola, Celso Machado – percussion, Paul Janzen – EWI, Gord Kidder – harmonicas, Monica Guenter – viola, Karen Moffat – violin, Christina Zacharius – violin, Leanne Zacharius – cello, Sal Ferraris – percussion, Bill Spornitz – penny whistle, Shane Nestruk – baritone saxophone, Rick Boughton – trumpets, Lori Freedman – clarinets, Murray Pulver – guitar, Norm Dugas – organ
Sin & Other Salvations: Murray Pulver – guitars, mandolin & additional vocals, Daniel Roy – drums & percussion, Don Benedictson – bass, Bill Spornitz – soprano saxophone, Richard Moody – violin & viola, Marc Arnould – organ, Ron Halldorson – pedal steel, Pierre Guerin – bouzouki & mandolin, Kevin Breit – national steel guitar, Marilyn Lerner – piano, Paul Balcain – tenor saxophone, Lindsay Bart – Irish wooden flute, additional vocals: Sunny Breaks, John Schritt & Sam Baardman
Wholly: Daniel Roy – drums & percussion, Paul Yee – bass, Murray Pulver – guitars, mandolin, percussion & background vocals, Marc Arnould – piano, accordion & organ, John Schritt – vocals, Richard Moody – strings, Julene Gravette – drums, Marie Josee Dandeneau – bass, additional vocals: Annali Braul, Lottie Enns, Gail Zacharias, Karin Kliewer
Leave a Little Light (1993)
Inside the Dreaming (1995)
Raw Voice (1997)
Sin and Other Salvations (2001)
Wholly (2007)
A Little More Light (2008)
The Wyrd Sisters' music has been featured on the following compilations:
We Are Each Others' Angels – Benefit Compilation CD, Lifeworks Media, NY (2000)
Folk Alliance Showcase Compilation III – North American Folk Alliance (1999)
The Hanging Garden – Movie Soundtrack, Virgin Music Canada (1997)
Christmas From Home Benefit Compilation CD – Radio Canada (1997)
If A Tree Falls – Earthbeat! Records Compilation CD (1996)
New Canadian Women Singers – CBC Variety Compilation CD (1993)
A Web Not a Ladder – film score, a National Film Board of Canada documentary (1993)
Making It Work – TV series theme, WTN & Out of Breath Productions (1993)
Legal disputes over the Harry Potter series
Fleming, Lee (1996). Hot Licks: Lesbian Musicians of Note. Charlottetown: Gynergy.
The Wyrd Sisters web site
All Roman Rite
Ecclesiastical province of AlgerMetropolitan Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Alger; united with the titular see of Iulia Caesarea (Ancient bishopric at Alger)
suffragan Roman Catholic Diocese of Constantine; united with the titular see of Hippo (Regius) (Ancient bishopric at Constantine)
suffragan Roman Catholic Diocese of OranExempt(Immediately subject to the Holy See)
Roman Catholic Diocese of Laghouat
GCatholic 
Catholicism in Algeria
Hyde Park is a neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri. A historic North St. Louis neighborhood, Hyde Park is bound by Ferry to the North, I-70 to the East, Palm Street and Natural Bridge Avenue to the South, and Glasgow to the West.
The community has the name of William Hyde.The neighborhood lost its prosperity to  industrial disinvestment following World War II. Harland Bartholomew included Hyde Park among the neighborhoods destined for "slum clearance," and with the departure of General Motors, the North Side fell on its way to becoming a "ghost town." Racial conflicts were apparent. The mostly Caucasian leadership referred to the plans for Hyde Park and other neighborhoods in the urban core as "urban renewal," while the African-American leaders within the community referred to it as "Negro removal."Located near the center of the neighborhood is the eponymous urban park, comprising an area of just less than 12 acres. The park is bounded by Bremen Avenue to the north, Blair Avenue to the east, Salisbury Street along the south edge and North 20th Street to the west. 
In 2010 Hyde Park's population was 84.8% Black, 13.6% White, and 1.3% Two or More Races. 0.9% of the population was of Hispanic or Latino origin.
Neighborhood Website
Hyde Park Master Plan
The 2016 Northwest Missouri State Bearcats football team represents Northwest Missouri State University in the 2016 NCAA Division II football season. The Bearcats play their home games on the newly renovated Mel Tjeerdsma Field in Bearcat Stadium in Maryville, Missouri, as they have done since 1917. 2016 is the 100th season in school history. The Bearcats are led by sixth-year head coach, Adam Dorrel. Northwest Missouri State is a charter member of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association, joining in 1924.
The Bearcats entered the 2016 season as the defending NCAA Division II National Champions, after finishing the 2015 season with a 15–0 record overall and in conference play. On August 2, 2016 at the MIAA Football Media Day, the Bearcats were chosen to finish in 1st place in both the Coaches Poll and in the Media Poll.Sporting News released their Top-25 on May 25, 2016, landing Northwest Missouri State at #1. On June 15, 2016, Lindy's NCAA Division II Preseason Top 25 released its poll ranking Northwest Missouri State at #1.On August 15, the American Football Coaches Association released the Preseason Division II Poll, landing Northwest Missouri State at #1.On August 22, D2football.com released its Top 25 poll, ranking Northwest Missouri State 1st.
Along with Dorrel, there are 12 assistants.
Source: 
With their win over Missouri Western, the Bearcats clinched their fourth straight conference title.
Entering postseason as the No. 1 team, the Bearcats earn a bye during the first week of playoffs and will play the winner of the Emporia State and Minnesota–Duluth game.
Sir Abraham Elton, 2nd Baronet (baptised 30 June 1679 – 20 October 1742) of Bristol and Clevedon Court, Somerset, was a British merchant, slave trader and Whig politician, who sat in the House of Commons for Taunton between 1724 and 1727, and then for Bristol from 1727 until his death in 1742. He also served as the High Sheriff of Bristol from 1710 to 1711, and was Mayor of Bristol for the year 1719 to 1720.
Elton was the eldest son of Abraham Elton (later created the first of the Elton baronets), and his wife Mary Jefferies. His date of birth is not known, but he was baptised on 30 June 1679. He married Abigail Bayly, the daughter of Zachary Bayly of Charlcot House, near Westbury, Wiltshire and Northwood Park, near Glastonbury, Somerset, on 14 May 1702.
Elton was a merchant and industrialist, and like his father before him, he served as the High Sheriff of Bristol in 1710–11. He invested in slave ships with his brothers, Isaac and Jacob. He was the Master of the Society of Merchant Venturers in 1719 and Mayor of Bristol from 1719–20, but in 1720 he was made bankrupt during the "South Sea Bubble". As soon as he completed his term as Mayor, he left Bristol and travelled to France, and did not return until his father paid off his debts.
 Elton returned to England by 1724, and stood in the Taunton by-election of 1724 for the Whigs, as an unexpected late entrant. He was duly elected to serve as a Member of Parliament for Taunton, though one of the other candidates, George Deane, filed a petition against his election. The petition was rejected by a vote of 151 to 104. He only served Taunton until the general election in 1727, when his father vacated his seat in Bristol. At the resulting election, Elton paid his Tory opponent £1,000 to withdraw from the election, allowing him to be returned unopposed. In Parliament, he became a member of the gaols committee. In February 1730 he spoke against the Royal African Company’s petition to be spared the cost of maintaining their forts. He often petitioned government on mercantile issues, amongst them: in 1730 for the removal of duty on soaps and candles, five separate times for the removal of duty on Irish yarn, and twice against the introduction of slave duties. He was said to have made a "bantering speech" against the proposed Excise Bill of 1733.Elton topped the poll in a contest at the 1734 general election. He continued raising petitions on mercantile issues, and voted with the Opposition in all recorded divisions. He was returned unopposed at the 1741 general election.
Upon his father's death on 9  February 1728, Elton became Sir Abraham Elton, 2nd Baronet, and inherited Clevedon Court.Elton died on 20 October 1742, leaving three sons and three daughters. The baronetage passed to his eldest son, who became Sir Abraham Elton, 3rd Baronet but died without issue. The baronetcy then passed to his brother Sir (Abraham) Isaac Elton, 4th Baronet. Another of Elton's sons, Jacob, became a Royal Navy captain but was killed in a sea battle. Elton's daughters Mary and Elizabeth both married.
Smash is the fourth studio album by French DJ and record producer Martin Solveig. It was released on 6 June 2011 by Mixture Stereophonic and Mercury Records. The album's lead single, "Hello" (a collaboration with Canadian band Dragonette), was released on 6 September 2010 and became a worldwide hit, topping the charts in five countries. "Ready 2 Go" was released as the album's second single on 28 March 2011 and features English singer Kele Okereke.
Notes
^a  signifies a remixer and additional producer
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Smash.
The Goiás gubernatorial election, 2010 will be held on October 3, as part of the general elections in Brazil. In this election, the 4 million citizens from the state of Goiás eligible to vote will determine the successor to incumbent Governor Alcides Rodrigues, from the center-right Progressive Party (PP).
Rodrigues is constitutionally forbidden to run, once he finished Marconi Perillo's term as his Vice-Governor in 2006, when Perillo left the office to run for the Senate. During his administration, Rodrigues parted ways with his predecessor, and is supporting the candidacy of Vanderlan Cardoso, former mayor of Senador Canedo, from the Republic Party (PR). In spite of the Governor's support for Cardoso, the leading candidates are former Governors Iris Rezende of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party (PMDB), and Marconi Perillo of the Brazilian Social Democratic Party (PSDB). Other candidates are Washington Fraga from the Socialism and Liberty Party (PSOL) and Marta Jane from the Brazilian Communist Party (PCB). If none of the candidates achieve more than a half of the valid votes, a run-off will be held on October 31, 2010.
On October 3, citizens from Goiás will also choose their representatives in both Federal (Chamber of Deputies and Senate) and local level (Legislative Assembly) legislatures, in addition to the next President of Brazil.
Kher Kheda is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in the Berasia tehsil.
According to the 2011 census of India, Kher Kheda has 44 households. The effective literacy rate (i.e. the literacy rate of population excluding children aged 6 and below) is 30.41%.
There is a historical and current bilateral relationship between Ireland and South Africa. Both countries have established embassies in the territory of the other, in Dublin and Pretoria. Ireland's South African embassy also oversees matters in both the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zimbabwe.Former President of South Africa Jacob Zuma said there exists a "special relationship" between the two countries. In 2006 South Africa was Ireland's "33rd most important trading partner" and in 2008 trade between the two countries was worth more than €500 million per annum according to RTÉ.
Irish missionaries have been working in South Africa since before 1860.The opening of bilateral relations was strongly considered by both governments in the 1930s and 1940s, following a successful state visit by South African prime minister General J. B. M. Hertzog to Dublin in 1930. At that time, connections between the two "restless dominions" were particularly cordial, based also on an earlier Irish nationalist identification with the Boer cause during the South African War of 1899–1902, but cost concerns prevented an exchange of high commissioners. Nevertheless, there were regular private visits by South Africa's London-based high commissioners, most notably Charles te Water in the 1930s, and Dr A. L. Geyer, who was a guest of Taoiseach Éamon de Valera in 1952. While purely financial considerations had prevented the mutual exchange of ambassadors, by the 1960s a principled stand against apartheid came to prevent such an upgrading of relations. As a result, Ireland was the only EU country that did not have full diplomatic relations with South Africa until 1993. An exchange of ambassadors was agreed with the De Klerk administration in anticipation of the ending of apartheid, despite vociferous protests from the Irish Anti-Apartheid Movement, led by Kader and Louise Asmal, which regarded such relations as premature. The Irish embassy opened in Pretoria in 1994.From the early 1960s Ireland vehemently opposed apartheid in South Africa. South African Nelson Mandela, then a dissident, later president, was awarded the Freedom of the City of Dublin in 1988 while a political prisoner; he collected the award upon his release in 1990. Diplomatic ties between the two countries were established in 1994.In November 2003, Brian Cowen, while touring Africa as Irish Minister for Foreign Affairs, promised South African President Thabo Mbeki that Ireland would highlight African problems when it ascended to the Council Presidency of the European Union in January 2004.Deputy President of South Africa Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka and many other South African government ministers met President of Ireland Mary McAleese, Taoiseach Bertie Ahern and other Irish officials in Dublin in November 2006. They came to examine Ireland's economic boom, the Celtic Tiger.Micheál Martin led a trade mission to South Africa in September 2006. Contracts were signed.Bertie Ahern and Micheál Martin led a three-day trade mission to South Africa in January 2008. ESB International and Eskom signed a new €4.5 million contract at Eskom's Johannesburg HQ. Other trade deals between the two countries came about too.
The Irish Aid – South Africa programme was established by the Government of Ireland in 1994.The Niall Mellon Township Trust has been in operation since 2002 and hosts an annual building blitz which aims to make life better for the people of South Africa's townships. 15,000 houses were constructed between 2002 and 2010. Taoiseach Bertie Ahern visited it while in South Africa in 2008. South African President Jacob Zuma hosted a reception for Mellon at his private residence in Cape Town in November 2010, describing the work done by Ireland as "unique" and "very powerful".
Foreign relations of the Republic of Ireland
Foreign relations of South Africa
Melanie Verwoerd
Irish embassy in Pretoria
South African embassy in Dublin
Irish Ambassador to South Africa Interview at RTÉ.ie (Video)
Shenyang Aerospace University (SAU), formerly known as Shenyang Institute of Aeronautical Engineering, is a comprehensive research university in Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province in Northeast China. It educates students for supporting the military and civil aviation industries of China. SAU played the leading role in the making of the China`s first military jet.
Founded in 1952, the university was initially administered by the Ministry of Aeronautical & Astronautical Industry, and later by the China General Corporation of Aeronautical Industry. Since 1999, SAU has been under the administration of the Liaoning Provincial Government and is the only university owned by the China Industry and Information Technology Ministry and the Liaoning Provincial Government. It is one of the eight universities constructed by the former China National Defence Ministry and local provincial governments. In addition, it is the only university of aeronautical and astronautical engineering in Liaoning Province.
On 18 March 2010 the China Ministry of Education approved the name change from Shenyang Institute of Aeronautical Engineering (SYIAE) to Shenyang Aerospace University (SAU).
Internationalization is one of the characteristics of SAU. The university has established cooperative agreements with 300 universities and companies from around the world. It has an active exchange program for both teachers and students. 
Characterized by aeronautics and astronautics, Shenyang Aerospace University is a multi-disciplinary university, which, while focusing on engineering, also covers such areas as science, liberal arts and management. The university comprises 17 schools, with over 900 lecturers, including 400 professors and associate professors. There are 20,000 full-time students in SAU. The university has over 50,000 graduates, whose competence, loyalty and achievements have been well accepted by society. A great number of them are now working as senior engineers or executives. The recent employment of the graduates has been maintained at an average of 95.7%. Every year a large number of foreign students get admission in this university. The university employs a number of foreign talents who contribute to both the academic and cultural life of the school community. At present, there are over 1688 international students from 71 countries studying Aeronautical Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering, Computer Science and Technology, Telecommunication Engineering, International Economics and Trade and Chinese Culture, etc. These students, with their diverse cultural backgrounds, contribute to the broad international focus of the university. It consistently ranks in the top 200 Chinese universities and top 20 universities in China for international students. 
School of Aerospace Engineering
School of Aero Dynamics and Energy Engineering
School of Civil Aviation and Safety Engineering
School of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering
School of Computer Science
School of Airforce Officials Training
School of Electronics Information Engineering
School of Auto Control
School of Economics and Management
School of Design Art
School of Material Science and Engineering
School of Science
School of Foreign Languages
International Education College
School of Automation
School of Robotics
Institute of "Beifang" Software
Institute of "Beifang" Science and Technology
Lifelong education
Office of Social Science
Office of PE Teaching & Research
Training center of Korean Language
School of Aerospace Engineering
School of Computer Science
School of Information Communication
School of Auto Control
School of Mechanical Engineering
School of Materials Science and Engineering
International Education College
Official website (in Chinese)
Official website (in English)
Scincus albifasciatus is a species of lizard which is found in Senegal, Mauritania, Algeria, and Western Sahara.
Rhagoletis cerasi (the cherry fruit fly or European cherry fruit fly) is a species of fruit fly in the family Tephritidae.
This species is widespread in most of Europe, except British Islands, in western Siberia to Caucasus, in Kazakhstan, Central Asia and Altai. It was first detected in North America in 2016.
Rhagoletis cerasi can reach a body length of about 3.5–5 mm (0.14–0.20 in). These small fruit flies have a shiny body, dark brown, almost black. Mesonotum shows silvery vittae. The wings are transparent, with four transverse dark stripes. Eyes are green with reddish reflections. The head is brown, while scutellum and the legs are yellow. This species is very similar to Rhagoletis berberidis. 
The adults can be found from late May to early July. They feed on the sugary secretions produced by the cherry itself or by insects (such as the aphid honeydew). After 10–15 days the females lay 50-80 eggs one at a time in the pulp of the fruit. After 6–12 days the eggs hatch and white legless larvae 4–6 mm long come out and feed on the pulp of the fruit. During the ripening the larvae leave the fruit and pupate in the soil, where they overwinter. Usually this species have one generation every 1–2 years.These fruit flies are considered a major pest of cherry crops  in Europe and Asia. They damage also the fruits of apricot, honeysuckle, barberry, bird cherry and snowberry.
Les Insectes (in French)
Kirschfruchtfliege (in German)
Species Profile: European Cherry Fruit Fly (Rhagoletis cerasi), National Invasive Species Information Center, United States National Agricultural Library
Luigi Masutti, Sergio Zangheri, Entomologia generale e applicata, Padova, CEDAM, 2001, p. 745-746, ISBN 88-13-23135-0. (in Italian)
Mario Ferrari, Elena Marcon; Andrea Menta, Fitopatologia, Entomologia agraria e biologia applicata, 3rd ed., Bologna, Calderini Edagricole, 2000, ISBN 88-206-4159-3. (in Italian)
Byrrhodes incomptus is a species of beetle in the family Ptinidae.
DYLL (Pronounced as DY-double-L; 585 AM) Radyo Pilipinas is a radio station owned and operated by the Philippine Broadcasting Service. Its studio is located at TRB Bldg, Mapa St., Iloilo City, while its transmitter is located at Molo, Iloilo City.
Maya Ritter (born November 9, 1993 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian actress.
Maya Ritter is a Canadian actress who played the lead role of Molly McIntire in the 2006 television movie Molly: An American Girl on the Home Front.
She also starred in the film Finn's Girl as Zelly in 2007. That same year she acted in Holiday Switch as Eleanor. In 2008 she acted in The Last Hit Man as the Young Raquel. Her most recent role was in The Capture of the Green River Killer as Teen Angela.
Molly: An American Girl on the Home Front - Molly McIntire (2006) TV
Finn's Girl - Zelly  (2007)
Holiday Switch - Eleanor (2007) TV
The Last Hit Man - Young Raquel (2008)
The Capture of the Green River Killer - Teen Angela (2008) TV
Margarita - Mali (2012)
Maya Ritter at IMDb
American Girl (company) An American Girl on the Home Front
Wells Twombly (October 24, 1935 – May 30, 1977) was an American sportswriter and author based in the Bay Area. He was the author of four books and more than 100 magazine articles for the New York Times Magazine, Esquire, and Playboy. Twombly was known best for his liberal use of prose and an iconoclastic attitude towards the sporting establishment. He died on May 30, 1977 in Redwood City, California.
Wells Twombly was born in St. Johnsbury, Vermont on October 24, 1935. He began writing in 1956 while at the University of Connecticut, where he earned a bachelor of arts in English and History. While in school he also met his future wife Margaret Zera and started writing for The Willimantic Daily Chronicle, a local paper that poached him after seeing how his work had bolstered sales of the college paper. He served as sports editor at The Willimantic until 1958.
Twombly's sports-writing led him to roles in California, Texas, and Michigan. Over the course of his career, Twombly's articles spanned across football, golf, baseball, boxing, and bear-wrestling.
Twombly argued that he and his fellow writers were at "war with the television” and the “KISS (Keep it Simple Stupid)”, generation. He insisted that, unlike television, words could “take [the audience] places where even the damned camera [couldn’t] go”.In his writing, Twombly was known best for his prosaic writing and irreverent attitude towards the traditional sporting establishment. During one particular interview with Reggie Jackson, when given a series of non-answers, Twombly cut the interview short saying “I’m as good a writer as you are a home-run hitter. If you want me to write about you, you’ll have to call me.”
During the 1976 Olympics in Montreal, Twombly broke a major story exposing Russian cheating at the games. He discovered that the Russian pentathlete, Boris Onischenko, had rigged his fencing equipment to allow him to falsely trigger a touch without making any contact on his opponent. Twombly’s discovery of the story was largely credited to a hangover. While the rest of the press staff covering the games attended the early morning cycling events, Twombly slept in; he claimed to have only been stirred out of bed by a “ruckus nearby” that turned out to be caused by Onischenko’s accusers.
George Ashburnham, Viscount St Asaph (9 October 1785 – 7 June 1813), styled The Honourable George Ashburnham until 1812, was a British politician.
Ashburnham was the eldest son of George Ashburnham, 3rd Earl of Ashburnham, and Sophia, daughter of Thomas Thynne, 1st Marquess of Bath. He gained the courtesy title Viscount St Asaph when his father succeeded in the earldom in 1812. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating MA in 1805.
Ashburnham was returned to Parliament for New Romney in 1807, a seat he held until 1812, and then represented Weobley (succeeding his uncle Lord George Thynne) until his death in 1813.
Lord St Asaph died unmarried at Dover Street, London, in June 1813, aged only 27.  His half-brother Bertram Ashburnham eventually succeeded in the earldom.
Hansard 1803–2005: contributions in Parliament by George Ashburnhamh
Cymindis humeralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Geoffory in 1785.
Cymindis humeralis can reach a length of 7.5–10.5 millimetres (0.30–0.41 in).
This species is present in most of Europe (Austria, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Macedonia, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Spain, Ukraine) and in the East Palearctic ecozone.
This xerophilous ground beetle lives in calcareous grasslands, heathlands and in the edges of forests.
Assin Central is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Assin Central is located in the Assin North Municipal District of the Central Region of Ghana.
The seat is located within the Assin North Municipal District of the Central Region of Ghana.
Sára Cholnoky (born November 3, 1988) is a Hungarian sailor. She placed 23rd in the women's RS:X event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Sara Cholnoky at World Sailing
Sara Cholnoky at the International Olympic Committee
Sara Cholnoky at Olympics.com
Sára Cholnoky at Olympics at Sports-Reference.com (archived)
Sára Cholnoky at the Magyar Olimpiai Bizottság (in Hungarian) (English translation)
HMS Keppel was a Thornycroft type flotilla leader built for the Royal Navy at the end of the First World War.  She was completed too late to serve in that conflict, but saw extensive service in the inter war years and in World War II. She was an effective convoy escort and U-boat killer, being credited with the destruction of five U-boats during the Battle of the Atlantic.  She was the second of three ships named for 18th century Admiral Augustus Keppel.
Keppel was one of five ships of this class built as flotilla leaders by J I Thornycroft of Woolston, Hampshire to their own design. In this she was similar to the Admiralty's destroyer leader type, but built with features specific to Thornycroft's design principles. Keppel was ordered in April 1918 and laid down in October that year, but the war ended shortly after and work slowed with the advent of peace. Keppel was launched in April 1920 and moved to the Royal Navy Dockyard at Portsmouth, and later to Pembroke Dockyard, where she was finally completed  in April 1925.
After commissioning Keppel served on various stations in the inter-war period, in the Mediterranean and the Far East, before going into reserve in 1937. With war threatening she was re-commissioned in August 1939 and was stationed at Gibraltar as leader of 13th Destroyer Flotilla. In June 1940 she assisted in the evacuation of forces from France, and in Operation Catapult, the attack on the French Fleet at Mers el Kebir. 
Following this she was returned to Scapa Flow, joining 12th Destroyer Flotilla for fleet operations, such as assisting in fleet escort duty, offensive sweeps in home waters, and preparations to resist the expected German invasion.
In February 1941 she was deployed to the Western Approaches Escort Force for Atlantic convoy defence. She was designated as leader of 12th Escort Group, stationed at Londonderry.
In this role Keppel was engaged in all the duties performed by escort ships; protecting convoys, searching for and attacking U-boats which attacked ships in convoy, and rescuing survivors. In four years service Keppel escorted more than 30 North Atlantic and over a dozen Gibraltar convoys, of which six were attacked, with the loss of 20 ships (though several others were also lost as stragglers)
and she was involved in four major convoy battles. In this Keppel ensured the safe and timely arrival of over 1000 ships, destroyed one U-boat and assisted in the destruction of two others.
She also operated on the Arctic convoy route, escorting 15 convoys to and from the Soviet Union. Most of these were attacked, several suffering heavy losses; during this time Keppel attacked and destroyed four U-boats.in March 1942 while with convoy WS 17 Keppel D/F'ed a U-boat later identified as U-587, which was attacked and destroyed by other units of the escort group.In July 1942 Keppel was leader of the close escort for the ill-fated Arctic convoy PQ 17, which suffered heavy losses after the convoy was scattered.In September 1942 she was part of the Distant Cover Force protecting PQ 18, and the returning QP 14, though the force was not directly involved in the fighting around them.
In early 1943 Keppel, now leading 3EG, returned to the Atlantic. 
In May 1943, while escorting HX 239, Keppel  D/F'ed a U-boat later identified as U-752, which was attacked and destroyed by other units of the escort group. 
In September 1943, Keppel was involved in the battle around ONS 18, which saw six ships and three escorts sunk, for the destruction of three U-boats. One of these, U-229, was attacked and destroyed by Keppel on the last day of the battle.
In January 1944 Keppel, now leading 8EG, returned to the Arctic convoy route. In February, with JW 57, she attacked and destroyed U-713, one of two dispatched by the escort group.
On the return with RA 57, one ship was lost for the destruction of three U-boats and damage of two others.
In April 1944, with JW 58, Keppel rammed and sank U-360, one of four U-boats destroyed in this action.
In summer 1944 Keppel transferred to the Channel for Operation Neptune, the naval operations supporting the Normandy landings. 
In August 1944, with JW 59, Keppel and other units attacked and destroyed U-354, one of two accounted for, for the loss of one escort, HMS Kite. Returning with RA 59A, Keppel and other units attacked and destroyed U-394.In June 1945 Keppel was decommissioned and in July 1945 was sold off for breaking/to be scrapped.
During her service Keppel was awarded four battle honours:
Atlantic 1940–43
Malta convoys 1942
Arctic 1942–45
Normandy 1944
During her service Keppel was credited with the destruction of five U-boats, and assisted in the destruction of two others:
Blair, Clay (2000). Hitler's U-Boat War: The Hunters 1939–42. London: Cassel. ISBN 0-304-35260-8.
Clay Blair : Hitler's U-Boat War Vol II: The Hunted 1942–1945 (1998) ISBN 0-304-35261-6
English, John (2019). Grand Fleet Destroyers: Part I: Flotilla Leaders and 'V/W' Class Destroyers. Windsor, UK: World Ship Society. ISBN 978-0-9650769-8-4.CS1 maint: ignored ISBN errors (link)
Friedman, Norman (2009). British Destroyers: From Earliest Days to the Second World War. Barnsley, UK: Seaforth Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84832-049-9.
Gardiner, Robert; Gray, Randal, eds. (1985). Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1906–1921. London: Conway Maritime Press. ISBN 0-85177-245-5.
Arnold Hague : The Allied Convoy System 1939–1945 (2000). ISBN 1-55125-033-0 (Canada); ISBN 1-86176-147-3 (UK).
Paul Kemp  : U-Boats Destroyed  ( 1997) . ISBN 1-85409-515-3
Manning, T. D. (1961). The British Destroyer. London: Putnam.
Manning, T. D.; Walker, C. F. (1959). British Warship Names. London: Putnam.
Axel Neistle  : German U-Boat Losses during World War II  (1998). ISBN 1-85367-352-8
Warlow, Ben (2004). Battle Honours of the Royal Navy. Liskeard, UK: Maritime Books. ISBN 1-904459-05-6.
Whitley, MH : Destroyers of World War Two (1988) ISBN 1-85409-521-8
HMS Keppel at naval-history.net: retrieved 2 Feb 2015
HMS Keppel at uboat.net: retrieved 2 Feb 2015
HMS Keppel at britainsnavy.co.uk
Dame Julia Unwin  (born 6 July 1956) was chief executive of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation (JRF) and the Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust(JRHT). The Guardian in 2007 described her as a "major player in the voluntary sector." In 2012 she was appointed by the Scottish Government as a member of the Expert Working Group on Welfare and Constitutional Reform.
Unwin is the daughter of Peter William Unwin, a retired diplomat. She studied History at Liverpool University and graduated Bachelor of Arts (BA) in 1978. She then went on to undertake postgraduate studies in Social Policy and Planning at the London School of Economics, graduating Master of Science (MSc) in 1991.
She was Chief executive of JRF and JRHT from January 2007 to December 2016. Previous roles include being a freelance consultant between 1993 and 2006 – during this time Julia undertook policy analysis, governance support and project evaluation. She has been a member of the peer review of Cabinet office (2000), a member of the Capability Review at DCLG (2006), Social Policy Adviser at NatWest Bank, and Senior Adviser to the Baring Foundation. She is a member of the Council at the University of York.
1978–1980 Field worker, Liverpool Council for Voluntary Service
1980 -1982 Community Liaison officer, London Borough of Southwark social services
1982–1986 Head of Voluntary sector liaison team, Greater London Council
1986–1992 Director, Homeless Network
1995–1998 Chair of Refugee Council
1998–2003 Charity Commission for England and Wales Charity Commissioner
1992–2001 Board member, Housing Corporation
2001–2006 Board member, National Consumer Council
2003–2006 Deputy Chair, Food Standards AgencyIn January 2016 Julia was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of Mears Group Plc. In January 2017 she was appointed as a non-executive director at Yorkshire Water. She is also a non-executive director of the Financial Reporting Council. She chaired the independent inquiry into the future of civil society, which concluded and published its findings in late 2018.
Unwin was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2000 New Year Honours for services to the housing corporation, Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2006 as deputy chair of the Food Standards Agency for services to consumers, and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2020 New Year Honours for services to civil society.She received an Outstanding Leadership Award, at the 2010 Charity Awards. The presenter said "...it's hard to overstate the impact that her work has had on social policy in the UK."
She is married and has two children. They reside in York, England.
Lending money, the issues for grant making trusts; Julia Unwin; Published by the Baring Foundation; 1995
Trends, Myths and Realities: Funding Policy and the Local Voluntary Sector; Julia Unwin and Peter Westland; Published by Association of Charitable Foundations; 1996
Who pays for Core Costs?; Julia Unwin; Published by ACEVO; 1999
Speaking Truth to Power; Julia Unwin; Published by the Baring Foundation; 2004
The Grant Making Tango: Issues for Funders; Julia Unwin; Published by the Baring Foundation; 2004
The Voluntary Sector delivering public services: Transfer or transformation? ; Will Paxton, Nick Pearce, Julia Unwin and Peter Molyneux; Published by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation; 2005
Fruitful funding: A guide to levels of engagement; Julia Unwin; Published by NCVO; 2005
The role of kindness in public policy; Julia Unwin; Carnegie UK Trust
jrf.com
Charles E. Roberts (March 13, 1843 – March 1934) was an American engineer, inventor and an important early client and patron of Frank Lloyd Wright. In 1896, Wright remodeled Robert's house in Oak Park.
Charles E Roberts was born on March 13, 1843 near Rochester, New York., the son of David Roberts and his wife Elizabeth Whipple Roberts.On February 3, 1876, Roberts married Cleantha Wilbur.  They had five children: Alice May, Owen Wilbur, James Wilbur, Charles Willis and Chapin Roberts, all of whom were born in Illinois.  Alice May Roberts (born December 13, 1876), married Prairie School architect Charles E. White, Jr. (b May 18, 1876 in Boston) who worked in Wright's Oak Park Studio (1903–1905), and who later remodeled the Charles E. Roberts Stable, on November 26, 1901.  Mrs. Charles E. Roberts (née Cleantha Wilbur) was the maternal aunt of B. Harley Bradley of Kankakee, IL, another important Wright client (her sister, Alice M. Wilbur, married Byron Chapman Bradley).Roberts died in Oak Park in March 1934.
Roberts was an influential member of the building committee of Unity Temple in Oak Park, Illinois. For Roberts, Wright also developed a series of block plans from 1896 to 1903, notably several variations of the Quadruple Block Plan.  For Roberts, Wright also designed the Charles E. Roberts Summer Home and five houses for Charles E. Roberts, Ridgeland, IL.  Wright remodeled the Charles E. Roberts House and designed the Charles E. Roberts Stable in Oak Park.Many architectural historians have mistakenly identified Charles E. Roberts as the father of Oak Park Studio architect Isabel Roberts, As has been well documented, Isabel's father was James H. Roberts, of South Bend, Indiana, the son of William and Sarah Roberts of Utica, New York.  Charles E. Roberts and James H. Roberts were not siblings, in fact, even though both men were mechanically inclined, successful inventors, no family or business connection has been found between them.
Charles E. Roberts served as the President and Director of the Chicago Screw Company, President and Director of the Standard Screw Company and Vice President and Director of the Pearson Machine Company.  Roberts invented a machine that could make the tops and bottoms of screws at the same time; he sold the business for a million dollars and devoted the remainder of his life to other inventions.Among those, Roberts was also the inventor of a machine for threading bung-bushes, for Crane Brothers Manufacturing Company, of Chicago.  Roberts held automobile patent #748015 for an electric car which was made and marketed by the Standard Screw Company, issued on Dec. 20, 1903.  Roberts also invented a “Machine for Cutting Butter or the like Material”, the patent of which was owned by Charles E. Roberts and his son, Owen W. Roberts, Chicago.  The patent was filed on Feb. 26, 1907.Roberts served on the board of trustees of Lombard College in Galesburg, IL.
George A. Mayer was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Mayer was born on January 10, 1917, in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. During World War II, he served in the United States Army. He graduated from Yale University and Harvard Law School. He was a lawyer and stock broker. He served on the Chenequa, Wisconsin, village board and died in Chenequa on December 15, 2000.
Mayer was a member of the Senate from 1949 to 1952. He was a Republican.
The Political Graveyard
Radical Pietism are Pietists who decided to break with denominational Lutheranism, forming separate Christian churches. Radical Pietists contrast with Church Pietists, who chose to remain within their Lutheran denominational settings. Radical Pietists distinguished between true and false Christianity (usually represented by established churches), which led to their separation from these entities.Pietism emphasized the need for a "religion of the heart" instead of the head, and was characterized by ethical purity, inward devotion, charity, asceticism, and mysticism. Leadership was empathetic to adherents instead of being strident loyalists to sacramentalism.  The Pietistic movement was birthed in Germany through spiritual pioneers who wanted a deeper emotional experience rather than a preset adherence to form (no matter how genuine). They stressed a personal experience of salvation and a continuous openness to new spiritual illumination.Many of the Radical Pietists were influenced by the writings of Jakob Böhme, Gottfried Arnold, and Philipp Jakob Spener, among others. They taught that personal holiness (piety), spiritual maturity, Bible study, prayer, and fasting were essential towards "feeling the effects" of grace.
Churches in the Radical Pietist movement include the Mennonite Brethren Church, Community of True Inspiration (Inspirationalists), the Baptist General Conference, members of the International Federation of Free Evangelical Churches (such as the Evangelical Covenant Church and the Evangelical Free Church), the Templers, the Brethren in Christ Church (as well as the Calvary Holiness Church that separated from it), the Old Order River Brethren, the United Zion Church, and the Schwarzenau Brethren.
Unlike Pietistic Lutherans, Radical Pietists believe in separation from the established Lutheran Churches. They believe that Christians can live through direct empowerment of the Holy Ghost rather than relying on a complex hierarchy. Churches in the tradition of Radical Pietism teach the necessity of the New Birth, in which one has a personal conversion experience to Christ. Radical Pietists emphasize the importance of holy living and thus frequently practice fasting and prayer. They also believe in nonresistance and thus "forbid Christians to shed blood."With regard to baptism, many Radical Pietists hold "that the original and apostolic form of baptism was to immerse the candidate forward into the water three times (once in the name of the Father, once in the name of the Son, and once in the name of the Spirit)." Radical Pietists also practice the lovefeast (which includes footwashing and the holy kiss), as well as closed communion. The Radical Pietistic communities do not believe in the swearing of oaths and also resolve problems at the congregational level under church councils presided by elders, rather than in civil courts. Members who sin openly are visited by the elders and encouraged to repent of their transgressions.
Churches in the Radical Pietist movement include the Brethren in Christ Church (as well as the Calvary Holiness Church that separated from it), the Baptist General Conference, the Community of True Inspiration (Inspirationalists), members of the International Federation of Free Evangelical Churches (such as the Evangelical Covenant Church and the Evangelical Free Church), the Mennonite Brethren Church, the Templers, the Old Order River Brethren, the United Zion Church, and the Schwarzenau Brethren.
Converge, formerly known as the Baptist General Conference, emerged as a result of Radical Pietism spreading in Sweden. The denomination emerged among Radical Pietists who separated from state churches and emphasizes the doctrines of "believer's baptism, a believer's church, free access to read and study Scripture, the importance of prayer and other spiritual disciplines, and a lifestyle that exhibited separation from sin."
The Community of True Inspiration, today based in the Amana Colonies, are known for their reliance upon Werkzeuge who are men and women inspired by the Holy Spirit. The Inspirationists' temporal affairs continue to prosper due to their "balanced combination of agriculture, tourism, and the manufacture of Amana refrigerators." Adherents belonging to the Community of True Inspiration practice their Radical Pietistic faith relatively unchanged for hundreds of years.
The Evangelical Covenant Church and the Evangelical Free Church are denominations in the Radical Pietistic tradition that were founded by Scandinavian immigrants to the Americas. They, along with other Radical Pietistic churches, founded the International Federation of Free Evangelical Churches as an association of denominations around the world that "share the same Pietist approach to the faith and accept the Bible as their only creed".
The Mennonite Brethren Church emerged among Russian Mennonites who accepted Radical Pietism. Due to the belief in evangelism heralded by Radical Pietists, the Mennonite Brethren are characterized by their emphasis on missionary work. As with other Radical Pietists, the Mennonite Brethren emphasize a personal conversion experience.
The Brethren in Christ Church emerged in Lancaster County after a group of Mennonites came under influence of Radical Pietistic preachers who "emphasized spiritual passion and a warm, personal relationship to Jesus Christ." They teach "the necessity of a crisis-conversion experience" as well as the existence of a second work of grace that "results in the believer resulting in the ability to say no to sin". The Brethren in Christ Church entered into a schism in 1964 resulting in the formation of the Calvary Holiness Church, which continues to emphasize the wearing of a headcovering by women, plain dress, temperance, footwashing, and pacifism. Calvary Holiness Church is considered to be a part of the conservative holiness movement.
The Old Order River Brethren are an Anabaptist group in the Radical Pietistic tradition who are distinguished by their practice of plain dress and abstaining from what they see as worldly entertainment, such as the television set. The Old Order River Brethren separated from other streams of the River Brethren (the Brethren in Christ and the United Zion Church) to herald the doctrines of nonresistance and nonconformity to the world; it is the most conservative in the River Brethren tradition. The River Brethren hold experience meetings, in which "members [are seen] testifying of God's work in their lives in bringing them to salvation and daily living." When a member has a conversion experience, he or she begins taking part in the experience meeting and then requests baptism.
A Radical Pietistic community known as the Schwarzenau Brethren originated in 1708; the largest Schwarzenau Brethren community worships in the Church of the Brethren. They are known for their frequent celebration of the lovefeast, which for them, consists of footwashing, supper, the holy kiss, and the Eucharist.
The Templers are a Radical Pietistic community that emerged in Germany. They promote small groups to study the Bible and emphasize preparing for the Second Coming of Christ. Many Templers migrated to Russia, Palestine, and later to Australia where the Church is known as the Temple Society Australia.
The United Zion Church is a Radical Pietist denomination in the Anabaptist, specifically River Brethren, tradition. It separated from the mainstem of the River Brethren due to its allowance of meetinghouses, rather than worshipping in homes.
A common trait among some radical Pietists, is that they formed communities where they sought to revive the original Christian living of the Acts of the Apostles. Other Radical Pietists "preferred a largely solitary life of prayer, living in modest cottages or even more primitive dwellings in the hills outside of the town."Jean de Labadie (1610–1674) founded a communitarian group in Europe which was known, after its founder, as the Labadists. Johannes Kelpius (1673–1708) led a communitarian group who came to America from Germany in 1694.  Conrad Beissel (1691–1768), founder of another early pietistic communitarian group, the Ephrata Cloister, was also particularly affected by Radical Pietism's emphasis on personal experience and separation from false Christianity.  The Harmony Society (1785–1906), founded by George Rapp, was another German-American religious group influenced by Radical Pietism.  Other groups include the Zoarite Separatists (1817–1898), and the Amana Colonies (1855-today).
In Sweden, a group of radical pietists formed a community, the "Skevikare", on an island outside of Stockholm, where they lived much like the Ephrata people, for nearly a century.Radical Pietism's role in the emergence of modern religious communities has only begun to be adequately assessed, according to Hans Schneider, professor of church history at the University of Marburg, Germany. However, this statement refers to the early era of Radical Pietism up to around 1715 while meanwhile the later era has been covered by numerous studies.
Two other common traits of radical Pietism were their strong endtime expectations, and their breakdown of social barriers. They were very influenced by prophecies gathered and published by John Amos Comenius and Gottfried Arnold. Events like comets and lunar eclipses were seen as signs of threatening divine judgements. In Pennsylvania, Johannes Kelpius even installed a telescope on the roof of his house, where he and his followers kept watch for heavenly signs proclaiming the return of Christ.
As for the social barriers, in Germany and Sweden the familiar pronomen "thou" ("du") was commonly used among the radical Pietists. They also strongly abandoned class designation and academic degrees. Some of the barriers between men and women were also broken down. Many radical pietistic women became well known as writers and prophets, as well as leaders of Philadelphian communities.
Radical Pietism heavily influenced the development of the Methodist Churches, as well as the Moravian Church.Neo-Lutheranism was a Lutheran revival in reaction against pietism, and the pietistic movement in Germany declined in the 19th century. Radical pietism had an influence on Anglican religion, especially as practiced in the United States, due to German immigrants especially in Pennsylvania, and combined with the influenced of Presbyterianism and Puritanism eventually led to the development of the so-called Third Great Awakening and the emergence of radical Evangelicalism and Pentecostalism peculiar to Christianity in the United States as it developed during the later 19th to early 20th centuries.Karl Barth, who initially supported pietism, later critiqued radical pietism as creating a move towards unorthodoxy. John Milbank, speaking from the perspective of radical orthodoxy sees his critiques as misguided, overlooking how they were able to critique modern philosophy from a theological perspective by questioning the legitimacy of philosophy as "autonomous reason", ultimately leading to the demise of Kantianism. This is then seen by Milbank as the impetus for the quick rise and failure of defenses of critical reason by Fichte, Schelling, and Hegel. All this is seen as culminating in the especially radical pietism in Kierkegaard, especially in his critique of Hegel. Further, he sees the theological content of radical pietism as forcing post Kantian idealisms to remain somewhat theological and characterizing certain central elements of modern philosophy, including "the priority of existence over thought; the primacy of language; the 'ecstatic' character of time; the historicity of reason; the dialogical principle; the suspension of the ethical; and the ontological difference."
Amana Colonies
Asceticism
Behmenism
Conrad Beissel
Johann Konrad Dippel
Harmony Society
Johannes Kelpius
Jean de Labadie
Labadists
George Rapp
Schwarzenau Brethren
Templers (religious believers)
Books and articles in German:
Hans-Jürgen Schrader: Literaturproduktion und Büchermarkt des radikalen Pietismus: Johann Heinrich Reitz' "Historie der Wiedergebohrnen" und ihr geschichtlicher Kontext (Palaestra 283). Göttingen 1989.
Ulf-Michael Schneider: Propheten der Goethezeit. Sprache, Literatur und Wirkung der Inspirierten (Palaestra 297). Göttingen 1995.
Barbara Hoffmann: Radikalpietismus um 1700. Der Streit um das Recht auf eine neue Gesellschaft. Frankfurt am Main 1996.
Andreas Deppermann: Johann Jakob Schütz und die Anfänge des Pietismus. Tübingen 2002.
Willi Temme: Krise der Leiblichkeit. Die Sozietät der Mutter Eva (Buttlarsche Rotte) und der radikale Pietismus um 1700 (Arbeiten zur Geschichte des Pietismus 35). Göttingen 1998.
Johannes Burkardt/Michael Knieriem: Die Gesellschaft der Kindheit-Jesu-Genossen auf Schloss Hayn. Aus dem Nachlass des von Fleischbein und Korrespondenzen von de Marsay, Prueschenk von Lindenhofen und Tersteegen 1734 bis 1742. Hannover 2002.
Eberhard Fritz: Radikaler Pietismus in Württemberg. Religiöse Ideale im Konflikt mit gesellschaftlichen Realitäten (Quellen und Forschungen zur württembergischen Kirchengeschichte 18). Epfendorf 2003.
Eberhard Fritz: Separatistinnen und Separatisten in Württemberg und in angrenzenden Territorien. Ein biographisches Verzeichnis (Südwestdeutsche Quellen zur Familienforschung Band 3). Stuttgart 2005.
Hans Schneider: Radical German Pietism. Translated by Gerald MacDonald. Lanham, MD 2007.
Douglas H. Shantz: Between Sardis and Philadelphia: the Life and World of Pietist Court Preacher Conrad Bröske. Leiden 2008.
Amana Church: The Community of the True Inspiration
Baptist General Conference
Brethren in Christ Church
Brethren World Assembly
International Federation of Free Evangelical Churches (IFFEC)
Mennonite Brethren Church
Temple Society Australia
United Zion Church
Albert George Sandeman (21 October 1833 – 6 January 1923) was an English businessman and the 100th Governor of the Bank of England. 
He was born the eldest of the nine children of George Glas Sandeman, head of the Sandeman wine importing company, and his wife Elizabeth Forster. He entered the family business at the age of 16 and at 20 was sent to work at the Oporto office in Portugal. He later became a director of the London Dock Company and in 1866 a director of the Bank of England. He was appointed High Sheriff of Surrey for 1872–73.
On his father's death in 1888 he became chairman of the family business of Geo. G. Sandeman & Sons Ltd. In 1894 he was made Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, becoming Governor the following year until 1897. He also served as a Commissioner of Income Tax for the City of London and as President of the London Chamber of Commerce (1898). Sandeman's tenure as Governor occurred during the Panics of 1893 and 1896.
He died in 1923 at his home, "Greylands", in Bexhill, Sussex. He had married Maria Carlota Perpetua de Moraes Sarmento in Portugal in 1895 and with her had at least six children, including at least two sons and four daughters.
Sidi Ali Belkassem is a small town and rural commune in Taourirt Province of the Oriental region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 13919 people living in 1865 households.
Serverette is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Communes of the Lozère department
INSEE commune file
In science, an effective theory is a scientific theory which proposes to describe a certain set of observations,  but explicitly without the claim or implication that the mechanism employed in the theory has a direct counterpart in the actual causes of the observed phenomena to which the theory is fitted. That means, the theory proposes to model a certain effect, without proposing to adequately model any of the causes which contribute to the effect.
For example, effective field theory is a set of tools used to describe physical theories when there is a hierarchy of scales. Effective field theories in physics can include quantum field theories in which the fields are treated as fundamental, and effective theories describing phenomena in solid-state physics. For instance, the BCS theory of superconduction treats vibrations of the solid-state lattice  as a "field" (i.e. without claiming that there is "really" a field), with its own field quanta, called phonons. Such "effective particles" derived from effective fields are also known as quasiparticles.
In a certain sense, quantum field theory, and any other currently known physical theory, could be described as "effective", as in being the "low energy limit" of an as-yet unknown "Theory of Everything".
The 2013–14 season will be Újpest FC's 108th competitive season, 102nd consecutive season in the OTP Bank Liga and 128th year in existence as a football club.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
List of Hungarian football transfers summer 2013
List of Hungarian football transfers winter 2013–14
Last updated on 1 June 2014.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Last updated on 1 June 2014
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Last updated on 1 June 2014
Eufo
Official Website
UEFA
fixtures and results
Space age pop is a subgenre of pop and easy listening music associated with Mexican and American composers and songwriters in the space age of the 1950s and 1960s. It is also called bachelor pad music or lounge music. Space age pop was inspired by the spirit of those times, an optimism based on the strong post-war economy and technology boom, and excitement about humanity's early forays into space. Although there is no exact album, date, or year when the genre was born, producer Irwin Chusid identifies its heyday as "roughly 1954 to 1963—from the dawn of high-fidelity (hi-fi) to the arrival of the Beatles."The music is not limited to a single style, and it is not always easily categorized. There are several styles that can be recognized as an influence: classical composers like Ravel and Debussy; the big bands of the 1940s; and different exotic styles, such as samba, Latin, and calypso jazz. Space Age pop is related to the genres of lounge music, exotica, or beautiful music/easy listening, and may be regarded as a precursor to the musical genre of space music. Space age pop records often have space related covers, such as rockets, moonscapes, or extra terrestrial-looking graphics.
Space age pop brought innovation to popular music in several ways.  Its LPs in the early 1950s included some of the earliest examples of concept albums, and embraced the earliest form of four-track recordings introduced in 1957.Even though the space age pop-music takes on a variety of approaches in style, rhythm, composition and arrangement, it also shows some similarities. For instance, many of the composers associated with the genre used a string orchestra for applying warmth and color to the sound, often combined with a Latin percussion section. A variety of keyboard instruments, from piano to marimbas to organ, are frequently used, and occasionally even the theremin for that out-of-this-world sound. The arrangements of the instruments tend to be highly original, conveying a sense of humor and playful charm. Even the album covers often have space or modernist themes.
It is also common for composers to use well-known jazz standards as a basis for their own work and recordings, such as Harlem Nocturne, Caravan and Autumn Leaves. Classical pieces are also popular among space age composers, but almost always arranged in a lighter way than the original.
Space age pop, largely forgotten after the late 1960s, underwent an enormous surge in popularity in the early 1990s, leading to the release in 1994 of the signature CD compilation of the space age pop music of Juan García Esquivel, Space-Age Bachelor Pad Music, which sold over 70,000 copies. Underground pop band Stereolab, in 1993, released Space Age Batchelor Pad Music [sic], an EP which is said to have factored significantly in raising awareness of the band. In the 2010s, we can hear the resurgence of the style through the tribute Jazz Vocal Ensemble Randy Van Horne Singers.
Juan García Esquivel
Dick Hyman
Hugo Montenegro
Les Baxter
Henry Mancini
Ferrante & Teicher
Bob Thompson
Vyacheslav Mescherin
Bobby Hammack
Randy Van Horne
Dean Elliott
Melodies and Mischief: The History of Space Age Pop Vol. 1, RCA 07863 66645-2
Mallets in Wonderland: The History of Space Age Pop Vol. 2, RCA 07863 66646-2
The Stereo Action Dimension: History of Space Age Pop Vol. 3, RCA 07863 66647-2
Ultra-Lounge, Vol. 3: Space Capades, Capitol 7 2438-35176-2
"RE/SEARCH: Incredibly Strange Music Vols. 1 & 2," Caroline Records 1993 (Vol. 1) & Asphodel Records 1995 (Vol. 2)
"From Another World" by Sid Bass (RCA Vik)
"Re-Percussion" by Dick Schory
"Wired For Sound" (RCA Vik) and "Soundpower!" by Marty Gold
"Other Worlds Other Sounds" by Esquivel
"Skin Diver Suite" by Leo Diamond
"Persuasive Percussion" by Enoch Light (Command)
"Sputnik (Satellite Girl)" by Jerry Engler and the Four Ekkos (Brunswick Records), 1957. (rockabilly)
"Telstar" written by Joe Meek and performed by the Tornados (Decca / London Records), 1962.
The space age pop-music page
Gallery of space age pop album covers
[1]
Henry S. Tyler (September 20, 1851 - January 14, 1896) was Mayor of Louisville, Kentucky from 1891 to 1896. His grandfather, Levi Tyler, was a founding father of Louisville and successful businessman. His family continued to be wealthy and owned, among other properties, Louisville's Tyler Block. Henry Tyler attended Schatlock Hall Military Academy in Minnesota. He returned to Louisville to work as a clerk and bookkeeper and eventually established his own insurance company.
He was elected to Louisville's Common Council as a Democrat and then Mayor in 1891. He was re-elected in 1893 under a new city charter, which made him the first mayor elected to a four-year term. Tyler had been instrumental in drafting the new charter.
He died in office in 1896 and was buried in Cave Hill Cemetery. Louisville's Tyler Park and the surrounding neighborhood were named for him.
"Tyler, Henry S.". The Encyclopedia of Louisville. 2001.
Yater, George H. (1987). Two Hundred Years at the Fall of the Ohio: A History of Louisville and Jefferson County (2nd ed.). Louisville, KY: Filson Club, Incorporated. ISBN 978-0-9601072-3-0.
'Foster's Favorite Favorite' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus Aechmea in the Bromeliad family.
BSI BCR Entry for 'Foster's Favorite Favorite'
Roseneath Cottage is a heritage-listed former residence and now school building at 40-42 O'Connell Street, Parramatta, City of Parramatta, New South Wales, Australia. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Aboriginal people have inhabited the Australian continent for at least 60,000 years and the area around Sydney for at least 25,000 years. The traditional owners of the Parramatta locality are the Burramatta, who are part of the wider grouping of Darug peoples across Western Sydney. The name Parramatta is a distortion of Burramatta, and refers to "Burra" - eel and "matta" - creek. Evidence of Aboriginal occupation of land close to Roseneath Cottage remains in nearby Parramatta Park in the form of several scarred trees and artefact scatters.
In 1806 Governor Philip Gidley King made three generous but improper grants of land to the incoming Governor, William Bligh in August of that year. One of these grants was 42 hectares (105 acres) 'near Parramatta' and included the present site of Roseneath Cottage. Bligh's grant was rescinded by Governor Macquarie in 1819, nullified along with the other two grants given to Bligh by Governor King in 1806.On 12 January 1832, William Tuckwell was named as the grantee of Lot 12 Section 10 in North Parramatta, the lot on which Roseneath Cottage is now sited. However neither the grant nor the lot number were finalised, likely because of financing problems. Primary Application 15392 shows that between 1831 and 1834 Tuckwell was engaged in a complex variety of translations in relation to Lot 12, probably trying to raise the necessary finances for its purchase. For most of his working life from 1818, Tuckwell was employed at the nearby Parramatta Female Factory, including a short stint as its superintendent.On 7 March 1833, a grant of land (Lot 11 Section 10, land on which the eastern part of Roseneath Cottage's garden is still situated). Harvey was also granted lots 10 and 14 within this section and paid 19 pounds 4 shillings for all three. Lot 10 Section 11 in Parramatta was given to Henry Harvey listed as "of Parramatta" - bounded on the south side by Ross Street. Harvey was a baker convicted and transported to NSW for seven years in 1817. He became a successful businessman and built a substantial four-storey steam mill on the banks of the Parramatta River in 1840-41, around the same time as he was granted Lot 11 Section 10 nearby.
In 1834 Harvey started selling Roseneath Cottage's lot to wealthy Scottish widow Janet Templeton, making a "release of equity of redemption" to her, presumably giving her control over Lot 12 Section 10, the land on which most of Roseneath Cottage is now sited. After the death of her husband, Andrew Templeton, a Glasgow banker, she had chartered a brig "the Czar", of 640 tonnes (700 short tons) and set sail for Australia in 1830. She brought with her eight children and seven Scottish servants.Templeton's sister-in-law, Eliza Forlong(e), pioneered her son's importation of top quality Saxon merinos to Van Diemen's Land at "Winton", near Ross, in 1829, with financial help from Templeton's husband, then when Janet's husband died Eliza helped her to pack up her extensive Scottish household together with another Merino flock selected by Eliza, bound for NSW on "The Czar" in 1831. Eliza made several trips on foot through Germany (Saxony) collecting wool sheep flocks to bring out to Australia - by 1835 she removed to Australia Felix (Western Victoria) as Tasmania had no decent land offering. Mrs Templeton is known to have settled in Van Diemen's Land at "Kenilworth" in the Midlands and later at "Kelburn" in the Goulburn district of New South Wales and then later crossing the Murray River to Port Phillip.Janet Templeton (c. 1790-1857) had brought her eight children, seven Scottish servants, limited capital and a small flock of 63 Saxon merino sheep purchased in Leipzig, central Germany to Australia, as she intended to become a pastoralist. She was one of the first women in Australia to become a breeder of these sheep. After landing in Sydney early in January 1831 as a free settler widow, she took up residence in Concord and soon after made application for a grant of land. After her son John appeared before the Land Board twice in 1831 she was directed to apply for a grant of 1,070 hectares (2,650 acres) which she selected about 16 kilometres (10 mi) from Goulburn and on which the sheep were depastured. The native name of this spot was Conchipmolong; in the deed the grant was called "Kelburn". She was living at Concord until 1835 or 1836. In 1835 Mrs Templeton bought the land (Lot 13 in Allotment 10), on 31 August 1835. The Roseneath Cottage property encompassed land from this lot during the 19th century when the cottage was surrounded by extensive landscaping. This lot was later subdivided off and neighbouring cottages facing O'Connell Street built here on which Roseneath was built and another block in the same section. The house appears to have been built soon after the land was bought. The building was certainly standing in 1837 because her third daughter Marion was married there to her cousin William Forlonge.In 1836 Harvey leased lots adjacent to Roseneath Cottage to Templeton. On 3 and 5 December that year he "leased" and "released" land from Section 10 to her. This probably refers to Lot 11 at least, part of which is now included in the contemporary Roseneath Cottage property.By conveyance in July 1837, Mrs Templeton acquired Henry Harvey's grant. In 1837 Roseneath was described as 'dignified and unpretentious. The wide, panelled front door is surmounted by a fanlight enhanced by an arc in brickwork above it. On either side of the door are two large shuttered windows which, like it, surmounted by patterned brickwork. A 3 sided verandah was included under the main shingled roof and upheld by wooden columns. The hall, 12 feet wide, ran the length of the house and a steep narrow staircase led up to the attics which comprised 2 large bedrooms and one smaller. There were 5 rooms on the ground floor; the parlour, dining room and Janet's bedroom were large and their mantelpieces had flat, fluted supports. There were also 2 minor bedrooms'. "At the rear were the kitchen quarters, stables and a coach-house. The cottage overlooked the Domain and, on either side, was a good piece of ground where Janet made a garden planting shrubs and fruit trees, including oranges, apples, pears, plums, apricots and peaches, nectarines, vines and mulberries. A well was sunk in the yard to provide water".In 1837 a Templeton family wedding was held at Roseneath Cottage. The "Sydney Herald" reported the marriage of the "third daughter of the late Andrew Templeton Esq." to A. M. William Furlonge at "Roseneath Cottage, Parramatta". Marion Templeton married her first cousin William Forlonge. This is the first published use of the name "Roseneath", suggesting the house was built by this date and that the Templeton family were living there. According to a fictional novel based on Templeton's life storey, written more than a century later by her granddaughter, Nancy Adams, Janet Templeton lived at Roseneath Cottage and her sons attended the nearby King's School, while her younger daughter had a governess; they enjoyed being guests at functions at the nearby Government House in Parramatta Park. In 1838 there is mention of Mrs Templeton of Concord, Parramatta. The Templetons became interested in the pastoral industry in the Port Phillip district in 1838 when John, at 21, took up a station then known as "Seven Creeks", about 56 kilometres (35 mi) from the Goulburn River. She is believed to have been responsible for the introduction of merino sheep into Victoria (of the Forlange breed).Although Macquarie nullified Governor Bligh's Parramatta grant in 1819, in 1839 Bligh's daughter and heir, Mary O'Connell, attempted to reclaim it and evicted residents from the houses built north of the river, including Roseneath Cottage. The issue was only resolved in 1841 when the Bligh heirs surrendered their claim to the land in return for confirmation of other land grants.In 1840 Roseneath was tenanted by Major Edward Darvall and family who found it 'remote from domestic conveniences. Their servants were a black Portuguese cook who spoke little English and a "lazy wild Irish girl" as housemaid. Convict Parramatta was evident with an iron gang of 200-300 men passing Roseneath Cottage every day. Emily Darvall recorded in a letter: "The cottage stands in a little garden...is brick but the colour is hardly to be distinguished owing to the beautiful creepers that surround it hanging in thick festoons from column to column of the verandah which makes a delightfully cool walk round three sides. Ivy, passion flowers, bignonia, honey-suckle and may others all growing most luxuriantly - while the beds are filled will (sic: with) geraniums and roses"...The kitchen and officers are in a detached building behind but with a covered communication. The extreme quiet of this spot is its principal charm in my eyes'. Also that year, a newspaper reported "John Williams, a runaway convict was indicted for burglariously entering the dwelling house of Janet Templeton at Parramatta, on 6th December, and stealing from there sundry articles. Guilty - to be transported for 15 years".On 18 March 1842 an adjoining grant previously in the occupation of William Tuckwell (Lot 12 Section 10 (the main lot on which Roseneath Cottage is situated) was (finally) granted to Janet Templeton, of near Goulburn. Templeton continued to live at Roseneath until 1842 when she moved to Kelburn. In November 1842 a newspaper advertisement announced a sale of household goods would be held at Roseneath, Parramatta. In May 1842 the Sydney Herald noted the death of a tenant at Roseneath Cottage, Mrs William Blair, suggesting the place was rented.In 1842 and 1843 Mrs Templeton advertised Roseneath; 'To Let: At Parramatta, Roseneath Cottage, lately the residence of Mrs Templeton. The house is described in the advertisement as 'situated in O'Connell Street and contains large dining and drawing rooms, and six bedrooms, besides detached kitchen, laundry store, servants' apartments, stable and coach-house. There is an excellent garden, well-stocked with fruit trees, and a variety of beautiful shrubs, also a well of excellent water'.Historian Rachel Roxburgh suggests this sale is a sign of Templeton's increasing financial difficulties, probably associated with the nationwide recession at that time. In March 1843 she mortgaged her Parramatta properties and rural holdings for 3500 pounds to Scottish-born agents John Gilchrist and John Alexander. Within a year, in January 1844, her estate was sequestrated. The Parramatta properties were not released for another two years and then not successfully sold for another six years. In February and August 1843 the Sydney Herald ran advertisements for Roseneath Cottage. During the middle decades of the 19th century it passed through the hands of many owners, including: Robert Gordon, Richard Reeve, Gilchrist and Alexander, Finch, William Basset, Patrick Hogan, Joseph Caraher, J. Walker and E. M. Bobart. The house appeared to be mostly leased throughout the middle decades of the 19th century, rather than owner-occupied. From 1845-55 at least it appeared to be leased by Mr Ardagh, who commenced a boarding school there. It was still operating in 1855, under a M. R. Baly.On 22 August 1844 the Sydney Herald carried a further advertisement this time advertising Roseneath Cottage, "at present occupied by Mrs Colonel Anderson", to be let or sold. The house was put up for sale again in May 1849.
From 1852 Roseneath was bought by Charles Wray Finch, with six other parcels of adjacent land from Templeton's mortgagees, Gilchrist and Alexander. Finch was a businessman who later served as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. In 1854 he sold them to William Frederick Bassett, a medical practitioner and educationist, for a significant profit, suggesting Finch had built on the blocks or made major improvements to Roseneath.In 1856 Rev. E. M. Bobart bought Roseneath Cottage. E.M. was Elizabeth Mary Bobart, wife of Henry Hodgkinson Bobart, rector at St. John's Anglican Church, Parramatta. She was also daughter of the Rev. Samuel Marsden, one of the colony's key figures. In 1857 the Bobarts had a son, born at Roseneath Cottage.Janet Templeton and Eliza Forlonge are not actually buried together. Janet Templeton died in 1857 and was buried in the Church of England section at St Kilda Cemetery in Melbourne. There is a `933 granite memorial (in the form of a wool bale) to both Eliza (referred to as "Mrs John Forlonge") and to "Mrs Janet Templeton" at the family's property, Seven Creeks, Euroa. But Janet is definitely buried at St Kilda.In 1861 Roseneath, property of Mrs Bobart, widow of Reverend H. H. Bobart, was sold by auction. suggests that this was a sale of goods, suggesting the Bobarts (he still living) were moving. The newspaper quoted the cottage as the residence of "Mrs Bobart".From 1862-3 the cottage became a ladies' boarding and day school premises again, under Mrs McGhie. In July 1863 and September 1868 the property was offered for lease and it is uncertain if it was privately leased or still run as a school in those years. A death notice was published in 1867 for Eleanor Allen, oldest daughter of the late T. D. Allen, at her residence (Roseneath). In 1869 a lease or sale advertisement ran in the Sydney Morning Herald. In August 1870 John Capbell bought Roseneath. In February 1872 William Goodin bought it and soon advertised it for lease. In 1875 another death notice ran in the Sydney Morning Herald, for Mrs S. M. Forrester, aged 35, at her residence.An 1877 advertisement in The Sydney Morning Herald gave a detailed description of the property, including its 318' frontage to O'Connell Street (the entire block width north to Grose Street), 83' frontage to Ross Street, 62' frontage to Grose Street. From 1884 Sands Directory begins recording residents in Parramatta, showing James Firth, James Larcombe and James Garland each separately living at Roseneath between 1884 and 1888. In 1889 Mrs James Mills lived there. For perhaps the only recorded instance, it is not then called "Roseneath" but "St. Ronans", the name of the school located there.From 1887-89 Roseneath Cottage nurtured the seed for the Tara Anglican School for Girls, an institution still operating in Parramatta in 2016. When it was temporarily the site of 'St. Ronan's, a high class day and boarding school for girls, between 1887–89, it is believed that sixteen year old Miss Mary Elizabeth (Joan) Waugh...began her teaching career in earnest (here), as it is likely she was the young accomplished governess referred to in a St. Ronan's advertisement in March 1888. She would go on to conduct morning classes for St. Ronan's young ladies almost a decade later at the school's George Street location, before moving her classes to her own family home, "Tara" in 1912, also in George Street.From 1890-99 Sands Directory records "R. C. Thorp, surgeon" as living at Roseneath. In 1891 it was bought by Mary Elizabeth Allen, daughter of William Goodin, five years after his death. She was the wife of Parramatta builder and alderman, Frederick George Allen.
From 1903-16 Sands Directory notes Mrs J. B. Hillis as living at Roseneath. "Granny Hillis" was grandmother of Marjory Davey, whose family owned Roseneath from 1909-75. Mrs Hillis was living at Roseneath at least six years before the family purchased the property, in 1909. In that year Mrs Allen brought the property into Torrens Title. That year it was subdivided and the part with the cottage was sold to George Bayley Davey, newspaper reporter. The mortgage was not finalised until 1912. Davey was a foundation member of the Australian Journalists Association. Sands Directory suggests he was living next door since 1909, and only moved into Roseneath in 1917.In May 1919 Davey subdivided the land, selling the northern portion to Arthur Lovedale Gates, engineer. Davey retained the residue and the resultant allotment of Roseneath Cottage remains in place today. In 1924 Roseneath was inherited by Margaret Davey, George's widow (he died in 1923), and she was recorded as its occupant until 1933 at least (when Sands Directories closed). In 1937 it was transferred from Margaret Davey to her daughter Marjory Nene Davey (later married to Arthur Lovedale Gates (who owned the residence to its north, 44 O'Connell Street) and then to Granville O'Conor).In 1949 the NSW Institute of Architects and the National Trust of Australia both included Roseneath Cottage on their first heritage lists as worthy of preservation. By 1967 it was classified by the National Trust (NSW). During the Marjory Davey (married then to Arthur Gates), Roseneath was subdivided into two separate residences, a duplex. Works included introducing internal partition walls dividing the central hall and two front main rooms and rear infill building, as well as converting the rear kitchen wing into bathrooms. New kitchens were installed on either side of the rear infill building. The most dramatic aspect involved removal of the (single) front door and replacement with two front doors. At this time the property was re-numbered 40 and 42 O'Connell Street.In 1954 Morton Herman published "Early Australian architects and their work", his classic text. Roseneath was included and he included architectural drawings of the houe including the (original) front door and some internal detailing. A floor plan was also included, although it is incorrect showing only four rooms and a central hall and not the actual five room configuration. UNSW architectural students John Mobbs and John Lake made architectural drawings of Roseneath in 1959, held in the Mitchell Library (which dates them incorrectly). Like Herman, his students drew the original front door as if it were still in place. They also left out the historic kitchen wing at the rear.In 1960 Roseneath was listed in the Cumberland County Council's Register of Historic Buildings as a building worthy of preservation and proclaimed by the Governor as a Historic Building under Clause 38 of the County of Cumberland Planning Scheme Ordinance. Being listed on this register meant firstly that alterations/demolition required the consent of Council, and secondly that Council may compulsorily acquire the property. No such attempt at resumption was made in relation to Roseneath Cottage. A photograph of its front verandah by Max Dupain was included in the 1963 exhibition held by the National Trust of Australia (NSW) titled 'No time to spare!: an exhibition of the newly released "A" list of buildings'.In 1975 Roseneath was sold by the Davey family to Laurence Traverse Mear, security officer (d. 2006) and Joan Elvina Mear (d. 2014) who had been long-time neighbours, living at 40 O'Connell Street since the 1940s. Bruce Mear recalls the family finding archaeological relics in the late 1970s (when the shower was installed in the back, under the floor; and a circle of bricks in the ground in the area that was the orchid house, a brick wall and floor up near the phone box containing much 1800s rubbish (bottles, plates, knobs, pottery, etc.).
In 1975 the National Trust of Australia (NSW) Director John Morris wrote to Blanche Purcas of 8 Booroowa Street, Young asking for the 'original door, side lights and fan light from 'Roseneath' to be donated to the National Trust so that eventually they could be used for authentic restoration at Roseneath. When the house was divided into two flats the door had been saved and taken to Young to be attached to a house there. There is no known response to Morris' letter and it is likely that the original door is still on 8 Boorowa Street, Young. On 24 November 1978 an Interim Heritage Order was placed over Roseneath Cottage and it was listed on the Register of the National Estate. On 17 July 1981 a Permanent Conservation Order was placed over Roseneath Cottage. On 2 April 1999 Roseneath was transferred to the NSW State Heritage Register. (Heritage Office files). In 1989 Roseneath was locally listed on the schedule of heritage items of Parramatta Local Environmental Plan as 'Roseneath and potential archaeological site, no. I00042. In the 1980s the Mears undertook conservation works to both interior and exterior of Roseneath, following Laurence's retirement. The extent of works is unknown. A picket fence was erected in 1987, higher than usual due to security problems in the area, to a design by heritage architect Robert Moore. Also that year the Mears received a heritage award from the State Planning and Environment Minister, Bob Carr, along with state MP, Barry Wilde. In 1988 the northern half of Roseneath Cottage was occupied by a firm of solicitors, who converted it into commercial use "without making any structural alterations".
In 2015 Roseneath Cottage was inherited by Joan and Laurence Mears' two children, Bruce Mear and Alison Cotter. In 2015 while the property was on the real estate market, the owners discovered a cache of concealed objects beneath the attic floor of the house. The cache consists of children's toys including marbles, wooden animals and a piece from a board game as well as assorted other items including handmade nails. In 2015 Roseneath Cottage was bought by Our Lady of Mercy College, its neighbour. Lucas Stapleton Johnson and Partners architects were engaged to undertake its restoration and adaptation and prepare a conservation management plan.
Roseneath is a single storied Georgian town house of very good architectural quality. A simple yet elegant sandstock, brick colonial town cottage having a symmetrical street facade consisting of a central doorway with an elliptical fanlight, four twelve panel shuttered windows, turned timber columns and sandstone flagging to the verandah on three sides.Above the doorway and windows are soft red rubbing brick lintels contrasting with the mottled fawn and grey sandstock brick of the walls. The three-sided columned verandah is under the same roof of the house. The interior is typical of the period. (Heritage Office files)Built of mottled fawn and grey bricks, a feature of the house is the entrance door, 3 feet 5" wide, and with a finely traced fanlight. The doorway has now been altered and a side verandah enclosed.
Roseneath sits on a corner lot, of O'Connell & Ross Streets. The main facade and front door face west onto O'Connell St. This front garden has a central path to the front door, flanking lawns with, planted against the verandah posts, a symmetrical pair of jade plants (Crassula arborescens), roses and a lobster plant (Bellerophone guttata).To the south west are a number of trees and shrubs. A large jacaranda (Jacaranda mimosifolia) is near Ross St. with rock lilies (Dendrobium speciosum) perched up its trunk. A large Californian desert palm (Washingtonia robusta) dates probably from the late 19th century and a sweet bay laurel (Laurus nobilis) and Camellia japonica cv. are south of and close to the house. Near the southern fence is a tall hybrid kurrajong/Illawarra flame tree (Brachychiton populneum x B.acerifolium) covered in ivy (Hedera helix). A frangipani (Plumeria rubra cv.), Chinese hibiscus (Hibiscus rosa-sinensis cv.), cumquat (Fortunella sp.), horned holly (Ilex cornuta) tree, tree tulip (Magnolia soulangeana), are the main shrubs. To the south east are a heavenly bamboo (Nandina domestica), sweet pittosporum (Pittosporum undulatum) tree, Hydrangea macrophylla cv.s. A small brick path leads from the back door on the house's south-eastern side out to a side gate on Ross Street. The rear fence to the east has a covering of creeping fig (Ficus pumila .var.pumila) and ivy.To the north west are another jacaranda tree, a bird-of-paradise flower (Strelitzia sp.), river lilies (Crinum sp.), a tree gardenia (Rothmannia globosa), Chinese wisteria (Wisteria sinensis) vine and a side lattice fence in poor condition. A simple drain with vertically laid bricks edging it runs from the northern side of the house west to O'Connell Street.A line of shrubs runs along the northern perimeter fence north and rear of the house and over the trellis fence including Mickey Mouse plant (Ochna serrulata), port wine magnolia (Michelia figo), poinsettia (Euphorbia pulcherrima) bushes (several), New Zealand pittosporum (Pittosporum tenuifolium 'Variegata') and a grapefruit (Citrus x paradisi cv.). A lawn area is to the rear of the house on the north-east side.
Roseneath Cottage was built in 1837 for Janet Templeton. It is of significance for its historic association with this pioneer of the Australian wool industry who is believed to have been responsible for the introduction of the merino sheep to the colony of Victoria. Roseneath is also of aesthetic significance as a simple yet elegant sandstock brick colonial cottage, having a symmetrical street facade consisting of a central doorway with an elliptical fanlight, two twelve panelled shuttered windows, turned timber columns and sandstone flagging to the verandah on three sides. A well-proportioned house having a facade of unusual harmony and charm Roseneath is considered to be the best surviving example of a colonial town cottage exterior within the County of Cumberland. The building's heritage significance was early recognised when it was proclaimed to be "a place of historic interest" under the County of Cumberland Planning Scheme in 1960 and it was furthermore amongst the first fifty places in NSW to be listed under the Heritage Act 1977.Roseneath Cottage was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Jervis, James. (Ed. by George Mackaness) Jervis, James ; Ed.: Mackaness (1961). Cradle city of Australia; a history of Parramatta, 1788-1961.CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Leary, Frank & Judith (1979). Colonial Heritage - Historic Buildings of NSW.
Lucas Stapleton Johnson & Partners P/L (2016). Roseneath Cottage, 40-42 O'Connell Street, Parramatta - Conservation Management Plan.
Nancy Adams; Forlong Family.;Templeton Family (1961). Saxon sheep; a novel based on the activities of the Templeton and Forlong families in the early days of Australian settlement / Saxon Sheep.CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
 This Wikipedia article was originally based on Roseneath Cottage, entry number 00042 in the New South Wales State Heritage Register published by the State of New South Wales and Office of Environment and Heritage 2018 under CC-BY 4.0 licence, accessed on 1 June 2018.
Brown v. Van Braam, 3 U.S. (3 Dall.) 344 (1797), was a United States Supreme Court case holding that: "Under the practice of the courts of Rhode Island, as adopted by the judiciary act, (1 U. S. Stats, at Large, 73,) the entry of a default, after a plea of the general issue, no similar being on the record, does not operate a discontinuance, and a judgment on the default is valid. Under the same practice the court may assess the damages in an action of assumpsit on a foreign bill payable in pounds sterling. Interest on affirmance is to be calculated on the aggregate sum of principal and interest in the judgment below, to the time of affirmance, but no further.."
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 3
Text of Brown v. Van Braam, 3 U.S. (3 Dall.) 344 (1797) is available from: CourtListener  Google Scholar  Justia  Library of Congress  OpenJurist
Trail of Robin Hood  is a 1950 American Trucolor Western film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers. Filmed in the San Bernardino Mountains and Big Bear Lake California, it is notable for featuring a large cast of Western stars and the last film that Roy Rogers filmed in Trucolor. Despite the title, there is no reference to Robin Hood in the film.
Roy is a conservation agent preventing loggers from poaching Jack Holt's Christmas trees.
Trail of Robin Hood at IMDb
The Berlin Wall was constructed in 1961 to separate West Berlin and East Berlin during the Cold War. All the differences between the countries made it a perfect place for people to express their opinions, especially on their preferences and dislikes. In the 1980s, the wall was reconstructed and made 14 feet (4.3 m) tall. Graffiting on the wall became popular for artists from all over the world and a place where tourists would go and admire the artwork. The West Berlin side of the wall had artwork completely covering the wall, while the East Berlin side was kept blank because people were not permitted to get close enough to the eastside of the wall to paint anything.
The Berlin Wall was one of the largest canvases in the world. Much of the artwork was not claimed by artists and remains anonymous. Because the wall was open to everyone, there were no restrictions on what artists could put on the wall. Almost all of the wall has been removed and it only exists in places such as Potsdamer Platz, the East Side Gallery, and Bernauer Straße; many segments are now exhibited in other countries; see List of Berlin Wall segments.
https://www.berlinwallart.com/
"Berlin Wall Art and Graffiti", dailysoft.com
"West Berlin: The City in the Middle" by Edward Murray
The men's 100 metre freestyle competition at the 2002 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 27–28 at the Yokohama International Swimming Pool.  The last champion was Michael Klim of Australia.This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, both lengths being in freestyle.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
All times are in minutes and seconds.
The first round was held on August 27.
The semifinals were held on August 27.
The final was held on August 28.
Julius Bittner (born Vienna, 9 April 1874; died Vienna, 9 January 1939) was an Austrian composer.
The son of a judge, Bittner also initially pursued a career in law. Until 1920 he was a judge in Wolkersdorf im Weinviertel, in Lower Austria. From 1920 to 1922 or 1923 he was an official in the Austrian Department of Justice.
In addition, Julius Bittner became one of the best known and most performed Austrian opera composers in the first half of the 20th Century. Many of his operas deal with Austrian-Alpine themes. He usually wrote his own libretti. After the Second World War, however, as a typical representative of late Romantic opera in the tradition of Richard Wagner, he was gradually forgotten. Critics gave him the somewhat derogatory nickname "the Anzengruber of the opera"; in importance he is comparable to his better known contemporary Wilhelm Kienzl.
Bittner was married to the alto Emilie Werner.  As a leading member of Vienna's judiciary and close friend of Gustav Mahler, he assessed Mahler's estate for probate after his death. He later won the Mahler Prize in 1915. He composed many operas, two symphonies and many songs and was helped and promoted by Mahler and Bruno Walter. He was also a close friend of Erich Wolfgang Korngold and Franz Schmidt. He was for a while editor of the Austrian music journal Der Merker and wrote music criticism for it and other newspapers. He was so influential that he was able to arrange Arnold Schoenberg's release from active military service in the First World War.
He received numerous awards and honors and became a member of the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin in 1925. In 1964, the archive containing almost all of his works (autograph sketches, text books, scores and piano reductions) was taken over by the Vienna City Library.
Bittner is buried in an honorary grave in Vienna's Central Cemetery (Group 32C, Plot 15).
Operas (selection): 
1907 Die rote Gred (premièred by conductor Ludwig Rottenberg on 26 October 1907 in Frankfurt am Main. The Viennese premiere, conducted by Bruno Walter at the Imperial Royal Court Opera, Vienna – today the Vienna State Opera, took place on 10 April 1908.)
1909 Der Musikant (premièred by Bruno Walter at the Imperial Royal Court Opera, Vienna – today the Vienna State Opera)
1911 Der Bergsee
1916 Das Höllisch Gold (his most successful work)
1917 Der liebe Augustin (Viennese singspiel)
1921 Die Kohlhaymerin
1923 Das Rosengärtlein
1928 Mondnacht
1934 Das VeilchenJulius Bittner also composed two symphonies, two symphonic poems and a work for two pianos and orchestra entitled Österreichische Tanze (Austrian Dances). He wrote incidental music to plays by Shakespeare, and for popular plays by Johann Nestroy and Ferdinand Raimund, chamber works (including two string quartets and a still unpublished Cello Sonata) many songs, and a Great Mass and Te Deum which was a cornerstone of the Austrian choral tradition until World War II. He also composed numerous operettas and three ballets, and assisted his friend Erich Wolfgang Korngold in the creation of the most successful of the Johann Strauss pastiches - Walzer aus Wien (premièred in Vienna on 30 October 1930), which became known in English as The Great Waltz.
1915 Gustav Mahler Prize
1918 Raimund Prize
1925 City of Vienna Arts Prize
1937 Austrian State Prize for music and Literature
Richard Specht. Julius Bittner. Zeitgenössische Komponisten 10. Munich: Drei Masken, 1921.
Julius Korngold. "Julius Bittner: 'Die rote Gred', 'Der Musikant', 'Der Bergsee', 'Das höllisch Gold'". In Deutsches Opernschaffen der Gegenwart. Kritische Aufsätze. Leipzig: Leonhardt, 1921. pp. 196–223.
Hermann Ullrich. Julius Bittner. Eine Studie. Österreichische Komponisten des 20. Jahrhunderts 13. Vienna: Lafite, 1968.
Waltraud Zauner. "Studien zu den musikalischen Bühnenwerken von Julius Bittner: mit Beiträgen zur Lebensgeschichte des Komponisten". Dissertation, University of Vienna, 1983.
Waltraud Zauner. "Neues zur Lebensgeschichte von Julius Bittner". Studien zur Musikwissenschaft 35 (1984) 131–184.
Waltraud Zauner. "'Meine tiefe und aufrichtige Verehrung für Ihre Person und Ihr Werk': Briefe an Julius Bittner". Österreichische Musikzeitung 44.2 (1989) 70–80.
Julius Bittner in the German National Library
http://www.momh.org.uk/exhibitions-detail.php?cat_id=5&prod_id=338&iotm=1
The 2003–04 season of the Philippine Basketball League (PBL).
The Philippine Basketball League (PBL), in partnership with the giant network ABS-CBN through Studio 23 and ABS-CBN Sports presentation of the league, adopted a new slogan "Ito ang tunay na ligang bayan".
Fash (formerly Hapee) leaned on a couple of three-pointers by Larry Fonacier in the last quarter of the deciding fifth game to down Welcoat Paints and clinch the championship. Fash coach Junel Baculi now match former Stag coach Alfrancis Chua as the winningest mentor in the PBL with seven titles.
Most Valuable Player: Peter June Simon (Fash)
Newcomer Award:  Jemal Vizcarra (Sunkist-UST)
Most Improved Award: Niño Gelig (Fash)
Sudden Impact: Dondon Villamin (Sunkist-UST)
Mythical Five
Peter June Simon (Fash)
Rich Alvarez (Fash)
James Yap (Welcoat)
Jercules Tangkay (Welcoat)
Ervin Sotto (Welcoat)
Mythical Second Team
Alex Compton (Sunkist-UST)
Allan Salangsang (Fash)
Marc Pingris (Welcoat)
Paul Artadi (Welcoat)
Willy Wilson (Welcoat)
Viva Mineral Water-FEU wins their first championship since joining the league in this same conference last year, where they lost to Hapee after taking a 2-1 series lead in the finals. Welcoat threatened to extend the series by taking an eight-point lead, 43-35, midway in the third quarter, but the Water Force ended their scoring drought with eight unanswered points for a 43-all deadlock entering the final period.
Most Valuable Player: Arwind Santos (Viva-FEU)
Top Newcomer: Boyet Bautista (Toyota-Otis)
Sudden Impact Award: Aaron Aban (Toyota-Otis)
Sportsmanship Award: Chester Tolomia (Welcoat)
Consistency Award: Eric Dela Cuesta (Blu Star)
Mythical Five
Jercules Tangkay (Welcoat)
Chester Tolomia (Welcoat)
Arwind Santos (Viva-FEU)
Dennis Miranda (Viva-FEU)
Mark Isip (Viva-FEU)
Mythical Second Team
Ronjay Enrile (Toyota-Otis)
Warren Ybañez (Viva-FEU)
Marvin Ortiguerra (Viva-FEU)
Jason Misolas (Nenaco)
Mark Macapagal (Hapee)
PBL Commissioner Chino Trinidad resign unexpectedly at halftime of Game three of Fash-Welcoat finals series, Trinidad admitted his frustration and displeasure on a display of defiance by Welcoat players following the choice of Fash' Peter June Simon as MVP over Welcoat' Jercules Tangkay. Deputy commissioner Tommy Ong was named interim chief of the league.
www.philippinebasketball.ph
Hemibrycon sanjuanensis is a species of characin from the upper San Juan River, Colombia.
It takes its name from the San Juan River, where specimens were collected.
Individuals range between 21.3–84.9 millimetres (0.84–3.34 in) in length.  The body is slender and long, with a short, compressed face and flexible lips.  In an example of sexual dimorphism, the rays of males' pelvic and anal fins are lined with small hooks.General coloration is a dark brownish-yellow, with a dark stripe running from directly behind the gills to the caudal peduncle.  The ventral surface is light yellow.  The dorsum and fins are patterned with melanophores.  A reddish spot can be observed on the ventral part of the base of the caudal fin.
H. sanjuanensis is believed to be endemic to the upper San Juan River in Colombia.  Specimens were recovered from clear, fast-flowing streams with sandy or rocky bottoms.
The species is insectivorous.  Among other things, it has been known to eat water scavenger beetles, black flies, flesh flies, damselflies, predaceous diving beetles, caddisflies, nematodes, and isopods.
Astorgio Agnensi (1391–1451) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal, multiple papal governor and multiple Curiate official.
Astorgio Agnensi was born in Naples in 1391. He was elected Bishop of Mileto on September 18, 1411. He was transferred to the see of Ravello on February 15, 1413; to the see of Melfi on January 25, 1418; and then to the see of Ancona on March 6, 1419.  On August 22, 1422 he was transferred to the see of Ascoli Piceno but refused; then, on October 19 that year, the see of Umana was united to that of Ancona.Agnensi then moved to Rome, becoming apostolic treasurer. From August 1426 to April 1427, he was the papal governor of the Duchy of Spoleto and the March of Ancona. He and Barthélémy Texier, Master of the Order of Preachers, were sent to the see of Iesi to deal with the heretics of the Fraticelli.  On February 8, 1436, he was promoted to the see of Benevento; he occupied this position until his death.On March 26, 1442, Pope Eugene IV named him his vicar in spiritualibus and governor of Rome, a post he held until 1447. He was also the apostolic administrator of the see of Canna from June 16, 1445 until May 25, 1449.  In September 1447, he became papal governor of Bologna.  He was Vice-Chancellor of the Holy Roman Church during the papacy of Eugene IV. Pope Nicholas V made him a cardinal in the consistory of December 20, 1448. He received the titular church of Sant'Eusebio on January 3, 1449, and the red hat on January 6, 1449. He was Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from October 27, 1449 until 1450.He died in Rome on October 10, 1451.  He is buried in the cloister of Santa Maria sopra Minerva.
Lorenzo Cardella, Memorie storiche de' cardinali della Santa Romana Chiesa, Roma 1793, vol. III, pp. 109–110
Forcelli, Vincenzo (1869). Le inscrizioni delle chiese di Roma - Volume I (in Italian). Roma. p. 417, no 1517.
Gyrodactylus elegans is a species of monogenean parasitic flatworms in the family Gyrodactylidae.
It is reported parasiting the golden shiner (Notemigonus crysoleucas) in the wild as well as the goldfish (Carassius auratus) in aquaria.
Ueber die Entwicklung von Gyrodactylus elegans v. Nrdm. L Kathariner, 1904
Home Work Convention, 1996 is an International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention, which came into force in 2000. It offers protection to workers who are employed in their own homes.
It was established in 1996, with the preamble stating:
Noting that the particular conditions characterizing home work make it desirable to improve the application of those Conventions and Recommendations to homeworkers, and to supplement them by standards which take into account the special characteristics of home work, and
The Convention provides protection for home workers, giving them equal rights with regard to workplace health and safety, social security rights, access to training, remuneration, minimum age of employment, maternity protection, and other rights.
The term home work means work done by a person, called homeworker, in another place than the workplace of the employer. The term employer describes a person, who, either directly or through an intermediary, provides home work in pursuance of his or her business.
Each member of the Convention aims the continuous improving the situation of homeworkers. The intention of the Convention is to strengthen the principle of equal treatment, in particular to guarantee the establishment of the rights of homeworkers.
In addition, the Convention has the specific purpose of protecting against discrimination in the following areas of employment: occupational safety, remuneration, social security protection, access to training, minimum age for taking up employment and maternity benefits.
National laws and regulations on safety and health at work also apply to home work. When working at home, certain conditions must be adapted so that a safe and healthy working environment is ensured.
The Convention has been ratified by 10 countries as of 2013:
Albania
Argentina
Belgium
Bosnia and Hercegovina
Bulgaria
Finland
Ireland
Netherlands
Tajikistan
Republic of Macedonia
^  - ILO Convention C177
Text.
Ratifications.
Kingsey is a small village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England. It is near the boundary with Oxfordshire, about two miles east of Thame and a mile south of Haddenham.
The village toponym is of 12th-century origin and means 'king's island', referring to a piece of dry land that belonged to the king in the marshes that were once common in this part of the country.  In 1174 the village was called Eya, meaning 'island', though by 1192 it had gained its more modern name of Kingesie.  This leads historians to believe that the village is named after King Richard I of England.
Kingsey was transferred to Buckinghamshire from Oxfordshire in 1933, effectively being swapped for Towersey.Historically people from this village and those surrounding it were known by the derogatory term 'wetfeet', because of the high water table of the area leading to the ground being so waterlogged.
Grade 1 listed Tythrop Park in Kingsey is listed as having an early duck decoy similar to that in Boarstall Duck Decoy in Buckinghamshire. (Location map)
About Kingsey
Detailed history of Kingsey, British History Online
Tythrop House Duck Decoy listing in "The Book of Duck Decoys" by Sir Ralph Payne-Gallwey, 1886.
The 1983 U.S. Senate bombing was a bomb explosion at the United States Senate on November 7, 1983, motivated by United States military involvement in Lebanon and Grenada. The attack led to heightened security in the DC metropolitan area, and the inaccessibility of certain parts of the Senate Building. Six members of the radical far-left Resistance Conspiracy were arrested in May 1988 and charged with the bombing, as well as related bombings of Fort McNair and the Washington Navy Yard which occurred April 25, 1983, and April 20, 1984, respectively. 
In October 1983, the United States invaded the island nation of Grenada and replaced the ruling New Jewel Movement with the previous parliamentary government at the behest of Governor-General Paul Scoon. The invasion began following the violent overthrow of the nation's first socialist leader, Maurice Bishop, due to a power struggle with his Deputy Prime Minister and subsequent mass demonstrations. The invasion, coupled with US participation in a peacekeeping force in Lebanon, prompted the left wing militant group Resistance Conspiracy to plan the Senate bombing as well as other similar attacks.
On November 7, 1983, the Senate adjourned at 7:02 p.m. A crowded reception, held near the Senate Chamber, broke up two hours later. At 10:58 p.m., an explosion tore through the second floor of the Capitol's north wing; the adjacent halls were virtually deserted.Minutes before the blast, a caller claiming to represent the "Armed Resistance Unit" warned the Capitol switchboard that a bomb had been placed near the Chamber in retaliation for recent U.S. military involvement in Grenada and Lebanon, in which the U.S. had placed Marines.  The "Armed Resistance Unit" also plotted to murder Henry Kissinger.The force of the device, hidden under a bench at the eastern end of the corridor outside the Chamber, blew off the door to the office of Democratic Leader Robert C. Byrd. Senator Byrd was an active supporter of involvement in Grenada, and had recently made attempts to garner support for retaliating against recent attacks against U.S. Marines stationed in Lebanon. His recent actions may have drawn attention from the terrorist group, and led to his targeting. Furthermore, the blast also punched a hole in a wall partition, sending a shower of pulverized brick, plaster, and glass into the Republican cloakroom. The explosion caused no structural damage to the Capitol. The force shattered mirrors, chandeliers, and furniture. Officials calculated damages of $250,000 (equivalent to $650,000 in 2020).A portrait of Daniel Webster which was located near the concealed bomb, received most of the force of the blast. The image of Webster's face was damaged, and canvas shards of it were strewn across the floor. Members of the Senate recovered fragments of the painting from debris-filled trash bins. A conservator worked for months to restore the painting to a semblance of the original.
The group Resistance Conspiracy was a United States-based branch of the wider communist organization known as the May 19th Communist Order. This group existed from its first attack in 1976 until later attacks in 1985. Throughout the lifespan of the organization, twenty incidents of terror were committed including one fatality inflicted. Most of the incidents involved bombings and sabotage, however several also included scare tactics such as threats and the utilization of fake weapons.The organization is also known as the Armed Resistance Unit, the Red Guerilla Resistance, and the Revolutionary Fighting Group.Earlier in that year on April 25, 1983, a small bomb detonated at the National War College at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C. A call coming into UPI in advance of the attack mentioned "U.S. imperialism." The National War College is where American military officials get high-level training. Following the attack, it was immediately sealed off. Of the device causing the explosion, Col. Jamie Walton of the Army remarked that it ''appeared to be 5 to 10 pounds of unknown explosives detonated by some sort of timing device.'' Colonel Walton also reported no injuries were incurred, although there was superficial damage to the outside of the building.A year later, on April 24, 1984, the a group calling itself the Guerilla Resistance Movement took responsibility for a bombing at the Officer's Club at the Washington Navy Yard. Their reasons for the bombing were opposition to U.S. policy in Central America and independence for Puerto Rico. The explosion at the officers club occurred at 1:50 A.M. An F.B.I. spokesman said it appeared to have been caused by a powerful bomb that was placed under a couch in an entryway to the club. The explosion blew out windows, knocked down part of a false ceiling and damaged the interior of the three-story, red-brick club building. There was nobody in the building at the time of the bombing and no one was injured. The effect of this bombing led to heightened focus on anti terrorism operations in the United States, and eventually led to the group's takedown four years later in 1988.
Within minutes of the explosion, more than a dozen fire trucks and four ambulances raced up to the west front of the Capitol while officers with police dogs began combing the area for clues. Witnesses attested to a loud blast which they could hear, and smoke at the Capitol, which they could see.A group calling itself Armed Resistance Unit claimed responsibility for the bombing. The group mailed a recorded communique to National Public Radio stating, "We purposely aimed our attack at the institutions of imperialist rule rather than at individual members of the ruling class and government. We did not choose to kill any of them this time. But their lives are not sacred."After a four and a half years investigation, federal agents arrested six members of the Resistance Conspiracy, on May 12, 1988, and charged them with bombings of the Capitol, Fort McNair, and the Washington Navy Yard. On December 6, 1990, federal judge Harold H. Greene sentenced Laura Whitehorn and Linda Evans to lengthy prison terms for conspiracy and malicious destruction of government property. The court dropped charges against three co-defendants, two of whom (including Susan Rosenberg) were serving extended prison sentences for related crimes. Whitehorn was sentenced to 20 years; Evans, to 5 years, concurrent with 35 years for illegally buying guns. On January 20, 2001, the day he left office, President Bill Clinton commuted Evans's and Rosenberg's sentences.The 1983 bombing marked the beginning of tightened security measures throughout the Capitol. The area outside the Senate Chamber, previously open to the public, was permanently closed. Congressional officials instituted a system of staff identification cards and added metal detectors to building entrances to supplement those placed at Chamber gallery.
List of incidents of political violence in Washington, D.C.
List of attacks on legislatures
George Ebbert Seney (May 29, 1832 – June 11, 1905) was a nineteenth-century politician, lawyer and judge from Ohio. A Democrat, he served four terms in the United States House of Representatives from 1883 to 1891.
Born in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, he was grandson of Joshua Seney, and was also descended from colonial Governor of Maryland Francis Nicholson. Seney moved to Tiffin, Ohio with his parents in 1832. He attended Norwalk Seminary, studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1853, commencing practice in Tiffin. He declined appointment as United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, tendered by President James Buchanan. He was a judge of the court of common pleas in 1857 and during the Civil War, enlisted in the 101st Ohio Infantry in 1862 where he was promoted to first lieutenant and later acted as quartermaster of the regiment until the close of the war. 
He lost election to the United States House of Representatives in 1874 by less than 140 votes. Seney was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1876 and was elected a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1882, serving from 1883 to 1891, not being a candidate for renomination in 1890. Afterwards, he resumed practicing law in Tiffin, Ohio until his death there on June 11, 1905. He was interred in Greenlawn Cemetery in Tiffin.
Seney was married to Anna Walker, granddaughter of founder of Tiffin, Josiah Hedges.
Judge Seney was a pallbearer for Chief Justice Morrison Waite.
William B. Ebbert. (Congressman George Ebbert Seney was the cousin of John Van Kirk Ebbert, Sgt., 1st Regiment, W. Va. Infantry Volunteers, Union Army. Congressman George Ebbert Seney was the great uncle of William B. Ebbert, a Member of the Colorado General Assembly (1889-90 from 1907 to 1908, 1911–12))
United States Congress. "George E. Seney (id: S000241)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Retrieved on 2008-10-13
"George E. Seney". Find a Grave. Retrieved 2008-10-13.
Urs Kunz (born 13 January 1974) was a Swiss Nordic combined skier who competed from 1997 to 2000. He finished seventh in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano.
Kunz's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was 30th in the 15 km individual at Ramsau in 1999. His best World Cup finish was third twice in the 7.5 km sprint events (1997, 1998).
Kunz's best career finish was second in a World Cup B event in Germany in 2000.
Urs Kunz at the International Ski Federation
I Take This Woman is a 1931 American pre-Code romance film directed by Marion Gering and starring Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard.Based on the novel Lost Ecstasy (1927) by Mary Roberts Rinehart, the film is about a wealthy New York socialite who falls in love and marries a cowboy while staying at her father's ranch out West. After her father disinherits her, and after a year of living as a cowboy's wife, she leaves her husband and returns to her family in the East. The film was released by Paramount Pictures.The film has no connection to the 1940 film I Take This Woman starring Spencer Tracy and Hedy Lamarr, which is based on the Charles MacArthur story "A New York Cinderella".
After causing yet another scandal, Kay Dowling (Carole Lombard), the spoiled daughter of wealthy New Yorkers, is given a stark choice by her fed-up father (Charles Trowbridge): go to his ranch in Ursula, Wyoming, (to avoid being named a co-respondent in a divorce case) or be disinherited. Kay's fiance, Herbert Forrest (Lester Vail), proposes getting married immediately, but she chooses the ranch.
Later, while spending her days on the ranch with her good-humored aunt Bessie, Kay falls reluctantly in love with one of her father's cowhands, Tom McNair (Gary Cooper), and impulsively marries him. When her father learns of the union, he disowns her. Kay and Tom are forced to live in a one-room shack while Tom tries to expand his cattle herd.
One year later, Kay is unhappy with life on the ranch, and longs for the comforts of her family's palatial mansion. One day, she receives a telegram from home, and tells Tom that her father is sick and that she must be with him. Back in New York, Kay writes a letter to Tom, asking for a divorce. Soon after, Tom arrives at the estate and explains that he left the ranch to become a professional bronco rider in a rodeo. Kay assumes that he never received the letter, and Tom never mentions it. One night during a party, Tom overhears the guests making fun of him and he tells Kay she can have her divorce. Later, as she realizes that life with Herbert would amount to a life of playing golf, Kay visits Tom at the rodeo. During his performance, he is thrown from a bronco and hurt. Kay rushes to Tom's side, and the two reconcile and decide to return to the ranch.
Gary Cooper as Tom McNair
Carole Lombard as Kay Dowling
Helen Ware as Aunt Bessie
Lester Vail as Herbert Forrest
Charles Trowbridge as Mr. Dowling
Clara Blandick as Sue Barnes
Gerald Fielding as Bill Wentworth
Al Hart as Jake Mallory
Guy Oliver as Sid
Syd Saylor as Shorty
Mildred Van Dorn as Clara Hammell
Leslie Palmer as Phillips
Ara Haswell as Nora
Frank Darien as Station agent
David Landau as Circus boss
Flora Finch (uncredited)
Lew Kelly as Foreman (uncredited)
Robert Parrish as Boy (uncredited)
Lon Poff (uncredited)
I Take This Woman marked the film debut of Russian-born director Marion Gering, who had previously directed stage plays.Produced under the working titles Lost Ecstasy, Rodeo Romance, Half Angel, and In Defense of Love, the film was ultimately titled I Take This Woman by Paramount studio heads in order to "emphasize the romance rather than the western setting, and reflect more of the boy's role than the girl's".Cooper and Lombard reportedly had an affair during the filming.
The film was released on June 27, 1931.
This film apparently became an "orphan film" when the rights reverted to author Mary Roberts Rinehart. The original 35mm camera negative and all supporting material was shipped back to her, but she had no interest in (or appropriate storage for) the material. She disposed of the 35mm camera negative and retained only a 16mm print. A single surviving 35mm nitrate studio print became the basis for a restoration, funded by the Louis B. Mayer Foundation. The restored print was screened in March 2017 at the Festival of Preservation at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
I Take This Woman at IMDb
I Take This Woman at the TCM Movie Database
I Take This Woman at AllMovie
The 1997 Men's Asian Basketball Confederation Championship was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
According to the FIBA Asia rules, each zone had two places, and the hosts (Saudi Arabia) and the best 5 teams of the previous Asian Championship were automatically qualified.
Most Valuable Player:  Chun Hee-Chul
Best Scorer:  Abdulmajeed Ali
Best Playmaker:  Kang Dong-Hee
Best 3-Pointer:  Alexey Yeropkin
Best Coach:  Kim Dong-Kwang
Sportsmanship Award:  Romel Adducul
Results
Archive.fiba.com
Lawrence G. Costanzo is a former Supreme Master of the Knights of Columbus fourth degree (elected in 1961) and former Deputy Secretary of State of Arizona.
The Boulder Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Umpqua National Forest in the southern Cascade Range of Oregon, United States.  It was designated by the United States Congress in 1984 and comprises 19,100 acres (7,729 ha).There is more than 30 miles (48 km) of hiking trails in the Wilderness, including the 10.6-mile (17.1 km) Boulder Creek Trail and the 3.5-mile (5.6 km) Jessie Wright segment of the North Umpqua Trail.
Boulder Creek Wilderness ranges in elevation from 1,600 to 5,600 feet (490 to 1,710 m).  It surrounds Boulder Creek, which flows south and west through the heart of the Wilderness and drains into the Wild and Scenic North Umpqua River.
1,420 acres (5.7 km2) of the Boulder Creek Wilderness is designated the Umpqua Rocks Special Interest Geologic Area.  Large volcanic basalt and andesite monolithic spires with names such as Eagle Rock, Rattlesnake Rock, and Old Man are prominent landscape features.  These spires are popular among rock climbers.The geologic formations in this area date to the early Tertiary Period, some 30 million years ago.  Volcanic intrusions, stocks, plugs and dikes were more common during this period of time.  Later periods involved pyroclastic tuffs and breccias associated more with volcanic flows of andesite and dacite material.
Old growth Ponderosa pines flourish on Pine Bench, near the lower end of Boulder Creek Wilderness.  This is thought to be the largest such stand this far northwest of the crest of the Cascade Mountains.  In 1996, the 16,500-acre (6,700 ha) Spring Fire burned through much of the Wilderness.  Scientists have since been in the area studying the long-term ecological effects of the fire.
List of old growth forests
List of Oregon Wildernesses
List of U.S. Wilderness Areas
Boulder Creek Wilderness - Umpqua National Forest
Chanava (earlier Hanava, Hanva; Hungarian: Hanva) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1266 as Honua (1295 Hanua) as property of a monastery. In the 15th century it was the seat of the local noble family "Hanva", since the mid-16th century the "Hanvay", later on the "Darvasy" etc.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Banska Bystrica,
Slovakia"
Roman Catholic church records (births/marriages/deaths): 1789-1896 (parish B)
Reformated church records (births/marriages/deaths): 1740-1896 (parish A)
List of municipalities and towns in Slovakia
https://web.archive.org/web/20071116010355/http://www.statistics.sk/mosmis/eng/run.html
http://www.chanava.ou.sk/
http://www.chanava.gemer.org/
Surnames of living people in Chanava
North Sea Boats is an international boat building company specialized in building craft for military, law enforcement, SAR, commercial, and high performance applications. The company has presence in Sweden, Singapore and Indonesia, with its headquarters located at Banyuwangi, East Java, Indonesia. North Sea Boats was founded in 2003 by John and Lizza Lundin as a trading name for PT Lundin Industry Invest.
John Lundin grew up with boats, as his father Allan Lundin founded the Swedeship company which operated shipyards including Gotland shipyard and Djupvik Shipyard in Sweden. After the Swedish shipyard crisis the Swedeship company was the largest privately owned boat building company in Sweden. It was through Swedeship that John first came to Indonesia in the mid 1990s to investigate the company's expansion opportunities. Allan Lundin died from cancer in 1996, and Swedeship was sold. However John and his Indonesian wife Lizza moved there permanently. After some years of small-scale furniture manufacturing to gain experience of the business culture there, they founding the boat building company North Sea Boats in 2003.
The boats are constructed using composite production techniques such as dual surface vacuum core resin infusion. All materials used are LLoyds / DNV Class Approved, and include carbon composite fibre and E Glass multi-axial non-woven stitched re-inforcings and Vinyl Ester resins.
The various models incorporate "open architecture" deck plans that can be configured to perform multi-role tasks in a broad range of operational environments. They can be powered by inboard diesel engines, outboard motors or by transom drives and waterjets.
A 63 meter long carbon composite stealth trimaran missile ship. The Indonesian Navy ordered the first of four for delivery starting in 2012.  The first of these was named KRI Klewang (hull number 625) and was launched on 29 August 2012; however, only four weeks later the ship caught fire on 28 September while undergoing fit-out in Banyuwangi, and was completely destroyed.
A replacement 63 m Trimaran is now under construction in Banyuwangi, and is expected to be launched in early 2016. In the interim period, advances in infusable vinylester resin chemistry have seen the incorporation of nano particles into the resin. These particles aid the transfer of the resin through the carbon/glass fibre matrix and allow the use of fire retardant grade vinylester for infusion. This makes the carbon fibre composite structure of the new vessel self-extinguishing.
Saab and PT Lundin (North Sea Boats) revealed a mockup of a trimaran Unmanned Surface Vessel (USV) at Indo Defence 2014.
It was formally unveiled by Indonesia's defence minister General (ret.) Ryamizard Ryacudu and Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Marsetio in a joint ribbon-cutting ceremony on the first day of the show.
Development of the Bonefish demonstrator began at the start of 2014, the concept marrying Saab Australia's mission systems integration expertise with a LOMOcean's trimaran hullform. The mockup was built in approximately six months at PT Lundin's composite boat production facility in Banyuwangi, East Java.
Capable of speeds of up to 40kts, Bonefish is designed to incorporate a wide range of sensors, satellite-based control and a modular payload bay to enable role flexibility. Potential missions could include anti-piracy, maritime surveillance, anti-submarine warfare, mine countermeasures, search and rescue, and hydrography.
The 10.3 X2K Range and the 11.3 m X2K RHIB (Rigid Hull Inflatable Boat) Range of models incorporate a double stepped hull design that is based on an offshore race boat design from Sweden. It is a high performance model capable of speeds in excess of 50 knots.
There are several X2K variants in production, which include:
Sports / Fishing -  centre console recreational model
VIP Transfer - with an enclosed cabin for passenger transfers
Dive - configured for diving, or as a work boat.
Interceptor - designed for patrol and fast interception.
Sports RHIB -  centre console recreational model
Special Forces / Operations RHIB -  serving military and law enforcement roles.
Interceptor RHIB - designed for patrol and fast interception.
SAR / Pilot / Work RHIB - configured for Search & Rescue, Pilot and work boat roles.
The X10 is a 10.5 m RHIB model with a Deep "Vee" hull design. It is designed for patrol or commercial duty and can be fitted with either inboard diesel engines and waterjets, conventional stern drives, or outboard motors.
The X38 is a 12.3 m, stepped-hull, power catamaran design for passenger transfers, diving, conservation, patrol, and combat operations. It can also be used for law enforcement, medical evacuations and rescue operations.
The X18 Tank Boat is a catamaran design for coastal and riverine Environments.
The X18 Tank Boat has a crew of 6, and will also carry a High-speed Interdiction RIB for boarding and SEAL insertion.
The main weapon system of the X18 Tank Boat is the CMI Defence Cockerill 3105.
The 105mm is also capable of firing the Cockerill Falarick 105 Gun Launched Anti-Tank Guided Missile (GLATGM). 
The X18 can be augmented with a Bofors LEMUR Remote Weapons Systems incorporating 7.62 – 30 mm GPMG/ Cannon.
In April 2021, a working prototype underwent testing. The prototype however uses 30 mm cannon as its main gun.
Chambly—Borduas (also previously known as Chambly and Chambly—Verchères) was a federal electoral district in the province of Quebec, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1867 to 1935, and from 1968 to 2015. Created by the British North America Act of 1867, its name was changed in 1893 to "Chambly—Verchères". In 1933, it was amalgamated into the Chambly—Rouville and Richelieu—Verchères electoral districts. The district was re-created in 1966 from Chambly—Rouville, Châteauguay—Huntingdon—Laprairie, and Richelieu—Verchères. Its name was changed in 2003 to "Chambly—Borduas". In 2015, most of the district became part of the Beloeil—Chambly, while small parts of it joined Montarville and Pierre-Boucher—Les Patriotes—Verchères.
It initially comprised the Parishes of Boucherville, Longueuil, St. Bruno and Chambly.
In 1892, it was redefined to consist of the town of Longueuil, the villages of Verchères, Boucherville, Chambly Basin, Chambly Canton and Varennes, the municipality of St. Lambert, and the parishes of Boucherville, Chambly, Longueuil, St. Basile le Grand, St. Bruno, St. Hubert, Varennes, Ste. Julie, Verchères, Contrecoeur, Ste. Théodosie, St. Antoine, St. Marc and Beloeil.
In 1924, it was redefined to consist of the Counties of Chambly and Verchères including the Cities of Longueuil and St. Lambert.
When it was recreated in 1966, it was defined to consist of:
the City of Chambly;
the Towns of Beloeil, Boucherville, Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville and Saint-Hubert;
the Counties of Chambly and Verchères;
in the County of Richelieu: the parish municipality of Saint-Roch-de-Richelieu;
in the County of Laprairie: the municipality of Notre-Dame;
in the County of Rouville: the village municipality of Richelieu; the parish municipalities of Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours and Saint-Mathias.In 1976, it was redefined to consist of:
the Cities of Chambly and Saint Hubert;
the Towns of Carignan, Marieville, Richelieu, and Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville;
in the County of Rouville: the parish municipalities of Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours, Sainte-Marie-de-Monnoir and Saint-Mathias.In 1987, it was redefined to consist of:
the towns of Beloeil, Carignan, Chambly, Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Otterburn Park, Richelieu, Saint-Basile-le-Grand and Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville;
in the County of Verchères: the Village Municipality of McMasterville;
in the County of Rouville: the parish municipalities of Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours and Saint-Mathias.In 1996, it was redefined to consist of:
the cities of Beloeil, Carignan, Chambly, Marieville, Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Otterburn Park, Richelieu and Saint-Basile-le-Grand;
the County Regional Municipality of Rouville, excepting: the City of Saint-Césaire; the village municipalities of Ange-Gardien and Rougemont; the parish municipalities of Saint-Ange-Gardien, Saint-Césaire, Saint-Michel-de-Rougemont, Saint-Paul-d'Abbotsford and Sainte-Angèle-de-Monnoir;
in the County Regional Municipality of La Vallée-du-Richelieu: the Village Municipality of McMasterville; the Municipality of Saint-Mathieu-de-Beloeil.
This riding is located southwest of Montreal in the Quebec region of Montérégie. The neighbouring ridings are Brossard—La Prairie, Saint-Bruno—Saint-Hubert, Verchères—Les Patriotes, Saint-Hyacinthe—Bagot, Shefford, and Saint-Jean.
This riding has elected the following Member of Parliament:
Note: Conservative vote is compared to the total of the Canadian Alliance vote and Progressive Conservative vote in 2000 election.
List of Canadian federal electoral districts
Past Canadian electoral districts
"(Code 24012) Census Profile". 2011 census. Statistics Canada. 2012. Retrieved 7 March 2011.
Campaign expense data from Elections Canada
Riding history from the Library of Parliament
History of Federal Ridings since 1867: Chambly (1966–2003)
History of Federal Ridings since 1867: Chambly-Verchères (1893–1933)
History of Federal Ridings since 1867: Chambly (1867–1893)
Map of riding archived by Elections Canada
The River Swilgate is a small river that flows through Gloucestershire, England.
Formed by the confluence at Elmstone Hardwicke of the Hyde Brook which flows westwards from Bishop's Cleeve, and Wymans Brook that flows north west through Cheltenham. The Swilgate flows north west and north to Tewkesbury where it joins the River Avon close to its confluence with the Severn.The Swilgate gained some notoriety when the New Statesman's issue of 4 January 2013 stated: "The Swilgate, the tributary of the Avon that runs round the southern edge of the town, had overflown its banks four days earlier".
Sir Walter Long (c. 1594 – July 1637) was an English landowner and Member of Parliament.
He was born in Wiltshire, the son of Sir Walter Long (1565–1610) and his wife Catherine Thynne of Longleat. He succeeded to his father's estates, including Draycot, in 1610 and was knighted in 1625.
He served as a Justice of the Peace for Wiltshire from 1623 until his death. He replaced Sir James Ley as MP for Westbury in 1621 when Ley was appointed to a post in the House of Lords. He was re-elected for the same seat in 1625 and 1626.He married firstly in 1614, Anne Ley, daughter of James Ley, 1st Earl of Marlborough and his first wife Mary Pettie.  There was one son from this marriage, his heir, Sir James Long, 2nd Baronet. According to historian John Aubrey, Long's father-in-law spent so much time at Draycot House with his daughter and her husband, that he had a gateway erected there with his own Coat of arms on it, but afterwards there was a quarrel, which probably arose from some family disapproval of the Earl's marriage with a third young wife, Jane Boteler.  The rift seems to have continued till the end of the Earl's life - in his will he 'begged pardon of the Lady Anne'. Long married secondly, Elizabeth Master c. 1636, and they had one son, Walter (d. 1673).
Sir Walter Long died in July 1637, and his widow died in 1658. According to one of William Waller's men writing about the capture of Long's son Sir James at Devizes in 1645, Sir Walter Long had died after falling from his horse near Chichester and breaking his neck. He was supposedly 'in drink', and his son James 'almost spurred the horse to death that broke his father's neck'.
Inheriting the Earth: The Long Family's 500 Year Reign in Wiltshire; Cheryl Nicol
Hand of Fate: The History of the Longs, Wellesleys and the Draycot Estate in Wiltshire, Tim Couzens 2001 OCLC 49204947
The House of Commons 1690-1715, David Hayton, Eveline Cruickshanks 2002
The Hatun Asha ambush took place on the eve of the 2016 Peruvian general election, where groups of Shining Path guerrilla fighters armed with long-range rifles and grenades, ambushed a Peruvian military caravan of eight vehicles at Hatun Asha. The ambush began at approximately 5:00 (a.m.), when guerrillas targeted a Peruvian military patrol along a rural road within the Santo Domingo de Acobamba District, located in the District of Huancayo. The vehicles were transporting election ballots and related materials and their transport was handled by soldiers of the 311th Battalion of the Peruvian Armed Forces, who were tasked with guarding polling places in the central Junin region, while the patrol was also to serve in Lima. The ambush left a total of nine government soldiers and two civilian contractors dead as well as five others who escaped wounded. Two hours after the attack, a second attack occurred in Mayapo, on the Llochegua District in Ayacucho, where one police officer was injured and taken to a hospital in Pichari.
The government responded with helicopters being called in to respond to the incident to hunt down the perpetrators, at the same time reassuring that elections would still take place, and that nothing had changed regarding them. The attack was condemned by various figures, including then president Ollanta Humala, and prominent politicians like Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, Alan Garcia, Alejandro Toledo, and Verónika Mendoza. It was also condemned by the Office of the Public Defender and the Organization of American States.The ambush marked the deadliest Shining Path attack in years and a resurgence of the group in order to disrupt the Peruvian general elections.
San Miguel del Ene attack
Mohd Hashim Mustapha (born 31 January 1966 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan) is a former Malaysian professional footballer who played for several Malaysian clubs such as Kelantan FA, Kedah FA, Johor FA, Kelantan JKR FC and Kelantan TNB FC as a striker. Hashim is Malaysia Premier League golden boot winners in 1994 season with 29 goals in 30 matches. He is currently the head coach for D'ar Wanderers.
Malaysia FA Cup (1): 1996
Premier 2 League (1): 1999
1987 SEA Games:Runners-up
1993 Premier 1 League: Golden Boots Winner With Kelantan FA (13 goals).
1994 Premier 1 League: Golden Boots Winner With Kelantan FA (29 goals).
Mohd Hashim Mustapha
The Buckeye Savings Invitational was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1965 to 1970. It was played in Cincinnati, Ohio at the Clovernook Country Club from 1965 to 1968 and at the Royal Oak Racquet & Country Club from 1969 to 1970.
Cincinnati Open1970 Betsy RawlsBuckeye Savings Invitational1969 Sandra Spuzich
1968 Carol Mann
1967 Carol Mann
1966 Sandra Haynie
1965 Kathy Whitworth
Law College, Dehradun  (popularly known as LCD) is a law school located in the city of Dehradun in north India state of Uttarakhand, India and is the constituent college of Uttaranchal University. It is the first independent law college in Uttarakhand.
It offers a three-year LLB program, five-year BA LLB, BBA LLB programs, one year LLM programms and Doctoral program in Law.
Law College Dehradun, the institutes law college, was ranked 28 in India by India Today's "India's Best Colleges 2019: Law" and 24 in India by The Week's "Top Law Colleges In 2019".
Law College Dehradun/Department of Law-
Legal Aid Centre (LAC)
Moot Court Society (MCS)
Debating Society (DEBSOC)
Youth Parliament Society (YPS)
Vasundhara- The Green Society
Cultural Society
Sports Society
List of law schools in India
Official website
Jormua is a very old village ashore the lake of Oulujärvi in the town of Kajaani, Finland. The village has a population of about 750. The Jormua Ophiolite is named after the village.
Heat Wave is the second album released by American Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas. Released in 1963 on Motown's Gordy imprint, intended to capitalize on the success of the title track, which rose to number four on the pop singles chart and number one on the R&B singles chart. The album was produced by Holland-Dozier-Holland (who composed the group's first five hit singles) and Mickey Stevenson. This was the last album to feature original Vandella Annette Beard.
The material is composed almost entirely of cover versions of songs that were popular at the time. These range from pop tunes like "Then He Kissed Me" and "My Boyfriend's Back" to mainstream standards such as "More" (the theme from the 1962 film Mondo Cane) and "Danke Schoen." The folk song "If I Had a Hammer" is also included as the Peter, Paul, and Mary version was big at the time. On its original release, Heat Wave charted lowly at 125 on the U.S. albums chart.
"Heat Wave" (Lamont Dozier, Brian Holland, Edward Holland, Jr) – 2:44
"Then He Kissed Me" (Phil Spector, Jeff Barry, Ellie Greenwich) – 2:32
"Hey There Lonely Boy" (Leon Carr, Earl Shuman) – 2:33
"More" (Riz Ortolani) – 2:14
"Danke Schoen" (Kurt Schwaback, Bert Kaempfert) – 3:04
"If I Had a Hammer" (Pete Seeger, Lee Hays) – 2:16
"Hello Stranger" (Barbara Lewis) – 2:40
"Just One Look" (Gregory Carroll, Doris Payne) – 2:33
"Wait ‘til My Bobby Gets Home" (Barry, Greenwich, Spector) – 2:17
"My Boyfriend's Back" (Bob Feldman, Jerry Goldstein, Richard Gottehrer) – 2:08
"Mockingbird" (Inez Foxx, Charlie Foxx) – 2:32
Martha Reeves – lead vocals
Rosalind Ashford – backing vocals
Annette Beard – backing vocals
Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier – producers
Mickey Stevenson – producer
The Funk Brothers – instrumentation
Joe Hunter – piano on "Heat Wave"
James Jamerson – bass on "Heat Wave"
Richard "Pistol" Allen – drums on "Heat Wave"
Eddie Willis – guitar on "Heat Wave"
Robert White – guitar on "Heat Wave"
Andrew "Mike" Terry – baritone saxophone solo on "Heat Wave"
"(Love is Like a) Heat Wave" b/w "A Love Like Yours (Don't Come Knocking Everyday)" (#4 US Hot 100),(#1 U.S. Top R&B)
Music.aol.com
Not So Dusty is a compilation album of Slim Dusty songs covered by Australian musicians. It was released in Australia by EMI in 1998. It was nominated for a 1999 ARIA Award for Best Country Album.
Not So Dusty received positive reviews and was certified gold. Gary Tippet of the Sunday Age gave it 3 stars and Peter Lalor of the Daily Telegraph gave it 7/10 although he noted that most of the Australian country outfits on the album "seem to bland out with their attempt at authentic outings". Keith Glass writing in the Sunday Herald Sun says "but what could have been a dodgy concept is mainly highly entertaining." The Age's Mike Daly calls it "a splendid tribute by some diverse performer." and the Sunday Mail calls it a "wonderful tribute".It was reported that Slim Dusty enjoyed the album saying "I've had a lot of tributes over the years but that's a very touching one. I feel very honoured – everyone really put their heart and soul into each track."
The album's lead single was "Cunnamulla Feller" performed by The Screaming Jets.
When the Rain Tumbles Down in July  – Graeme Connors
Pub With No Beer  – Midnight Oil
Drowning My Blues  – Tom T. Hall & The McCormacks
Lights on the Hill – Mental As Anything
Walk A Country Mile  – Keith Urban
Losin' My Blues Tonight  – Michael Spiby
Saddle Boy  – Dead Ringer Band
Wedding Bell Blues  – Ross Wilson With The Feral Swing Katz
Indian Pacific  – Tania Kernaghan & Ray Kernaghan
Things Are Not The Same On The Land  – Karma County
The Sunlander  – Paul Kelly & Uncle Bill
The Biggest Disappointment  – Troy Cassar-Daley
Gumtrees By The Roadway  – Anne Kirkpatrick & David Kirkpatrick
Highway Fever  – Don Walker
Plains Of Peppimenarti  – James Blundell
Cunnamulla Feller  – The Screaming Jets
Camooweal  – Ed Kuepper & His Oxley Creek Playboys & Felicity
I Must Have Good Terbaccy When I Smoke – John Williamson
Alain Lanty (born 28 November 1961 in Auray, France) is a French singer, composer and pianist.
He has composed songs for a great number of French artists including Renaud, Florent Pagny, Marc Lavoine, Dani, Régine, Maurane, Hélène Ségara, Jean-Luc Lahaye.
Alain Lanty is also a renowned pianist and has played the piano on a number of albums, for Pascal Obispo, Calogero, Johnny Hallyday, Raphaël, Isabelle Boulay, Emmanuel Moire, La Grande Sophie, Grand Corps Malade and many others.
He accompanied Renaud in the latter's tour "Une guitare, un piano et Renaud". He composed music for the songs "Coeur perdu", "Baltique", "Mon nain de jardin" and "Mal barrés" for the Renaud album Boucan d'enfer.
In 2009, he was a judge in the first ever series of the singing competition show X Factor in France.Alain Lanty has composed many theme music for television series and shows, feature films and various short films, musicals like the 2000 hit Les mille et une vies d'Ali Baba (The Thousand and One Lives of Ali Baba).
He has taken part in many charity events including long-running support for charity projects Restaurants du Cœur, Sol En Si, Sidaction.
He also has a series of jingles for advertisements, most notably for Orange S.A., La Redoute, E.Leclerc and the French La Poste.
1990: Atlantique
1984: Pourquoi t'es pas là ?/Petit chagrin
1985: Mozart / Québec, 3 heures du matin
1986: Shanghai au crépuscule/Aigue-marine
1990: Tant bien que mal/À quelqu'un, à personne
1991: Vous voudriez vivre à ma place/Aimé à mort
1993: Elle est bonne/Posons nos valises
Sisterly Feelings is a 1979 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is the first of Alan Ayckbourn's plays to have alternate plotlines depending on decisions made during the plays (the later two plays of this kind being Intimate Exchanges and It Could Be Any One Of Us). In this play, two sisters, Abigail and Dorcas, compete for the attention of their brother's fiancée's brother, Simon, and whoever ends up with him depends on a toss of coin for scene two, and a decision made by the actors in scene three.
Sisterly Feelings on official Ayckbourn site
Allen, Paul (2004) A Pocket Guide to Alan Ayckbourn Plays Faber & Faber ISBN 0-571-21492-4
Cat among the Pigeons is a young adult novel by Julia Golding, published in 2006. It is a story about Pedro the slave's fight for freedom. The main character is Cat, a girl of around 12 who is Pedro's best friend.
The setting is London in the late 18th century when slavery has just been ruled illegal in England but is still common in the British West Indies. Things are fine but then trouble rises as Pedro's old slave master, Mr. Hawkins, comes to London and tries to reclaim Pedro as one of his properties. He is at first thwarted by Cat but he vows to return.
But not without a fight as Pedro's friends, Cat, Frank, Lizzie, Syd and the gang try to secure his freedom. Once again, Cat finds trouble following her once more as she is chased around in London by the Bow Street Runners coming for her arrest for biting Mr Hawkins after he taunted her. Disguising herself as a boy with the help of her friends, Frank and Charlie, she enters an aristocratic boarding school and learns things like Latin and fencing that girls are never taught. Cat is bullied for being clever and a 'pretty boy' by Richmond, the son of a plantation owner. When they find Cat with a medallion abhorring slavery Richmond and his gang beat Cat up. When Syd arrives bringing sausages as a decoy, he's furious and wants to take Cat home immediately, but soon realises that she's safe where she is as the Bow Street Runners are still looking for her.
Meanwhile Pedro is caught and is being held by Billy Shepherd for Mr Hawkins. Cat finds out where he is but can't inform the police as she has no proof against Mr Hawkins. Finally, as Mr Hawkins is about to set sail with Pedro on board Cat arrives with Lizzie, Frank, Mr Equaino and the Duchess to rescue Pedro. The Magistrate is called and Cat blackmails Mr Hawkins into setting Pedro free.
Diceroprocta arizona is a species of cicada in the family Cicadidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
Bahrain Confidential is an English language monthly lifestyle and luxury magazine published from Manama, Bahrain, by Arabian Magazines, a division of CG Arabia SPC. The magazine is based in Manama, the capital of Bahrain.
Launched in 2001, Bahrain Confidential is a luxury lifestyle magazine. It covers lifestyle, luxury, fashion and dining, as well as local events, art, society, fashion, beauty and travel.
"Honky-Tonk Girl" is a song co-written and originally recorded by Hank Thompson. Released by him on Capitol Records in 1954, it was a nationwide country hit in the United States that year (reaching country number nine on Billboard).The song was notably covered by Johnny Cash.
Cash's version was released as a single by Columbia Records (Columbia 4-41707, with "Second Honeymoon" on the opposite side) in June or July 1960.
The song evokes a barroom atmosphere.
Johnny Cash version
Dausenau is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Dausenau was one of the oldest possessions of the counts of Nassau and the arms thus show the lion of Nassau. The village was granted city rights in 1348, but these west later lost again. The seals of Dausenau showed from at least the 15th century until 1568 a seal with the arms and St. Castor as a supporter, he is the patron saint of the local church. In an 18th-century seal only the picture of Lady Justice was shown, not a shield with the lion. The present arms were granted in 1937 and go back to the old seal.
The south-eastern watchtower in the historic city wall (most parts of which still exist) is being held for the most leaning tower in the world, outdoing the Guinness record holder, the Leaning Tower of Suurhusen, by 0.03 degrees, according to a 2003 measurement. However, the Book of Records denied entry, stating it was rather a ruin than a tower.
Dausenau und seine Geschichte - ein Heimatbuch vom Arbeitskreis Ortschronik Dausenau Online
History  of Dausenau GenWiki via Google translate
Paradentiscutata baiana is a species of fungus. It is characterised by introverted ornamentations on the spore wall; the spore wall structure and germ shield morphology. It was first isolated in northeast Brazil, and can be distinguished by the projections on the outer spore surface.
Silva, Gladstone Alves da, Leonor Costa Maia, and Fritz Oehl. "Phylogenetic systematics of the Gigasporales." Mycotaxon 122.1 (2013): 207-220.
Marinho, Frederico, et al. "Bulbospora minima, a new genus and a new species in the Glomeromycetes from semi-arid Northeast Brazil." Sydowia66.2 (2014): 313-323.
Lima, Ruy Anderson Araújo de. "Dinâmica sazonal de fungos micorrízicos arbusculares (Glomeromycota) em cerradão e brejo de altitude na Chapada do Araripe, CE." (2013).
"Paradentiscutata baiana" at the Encyclopedia of Life
MycoBank
Steenkampsberg (Afrikaans: Steenkampsberge) is a South African mountain in the Dullstroom - Belfast district of Mpumalanga Province. The mountain ranges between 1,700 and 2,274 metres in altitude, and is covered largely by high-altitude grassland, broken in places by rocky outcrops. The northern slope of the mountain is drained by the Groot-Dwarsrivier, which enters a deep linear valley, to eventually join the Steelpoort River. The mountain is traversed from west to east by the De Berg Pass.
The mountain plateau retains extensive tracts of unspoilt habitat, supporting a large diversity of mammals, birds and plant life. The common tree fern Cyathea dregei occurs along watercourses and streams, while overgrazed mountain slopes and eroded ravines are often dominated by Leucosidea sericea shrubs.The area is home to more than 150 bird species, a fair number being endemic to South Africa. The wetlands of the region shelter all of the three endangered South African species of crane - blue, crowned, and wattled. Two of the wetlands, Lakenvlei, 8 km north-east of Belfast, and Verloren Valei, 9 km north of Dullstroom, are of particular importance for the survival of these species.
Waterbirds, such as heron, rail, crake, Egyptian goose, spur-winged goose, kingfisher, coot, sacred ibis and whiskered tern, make up a large proportion of the birdlife. Open grassland species include lark, pipit, cisticola, finch, bustard, bald ibis and francolin. Raptors in the area include steppe and jackal buzzard, snake eagle, long-crested eagle, fish eagle and secretary bird.
Mammals include a few antelope species such as the oribi, grey duiker, mountain reedbuck, grey rhebuck and steenbok. Also occurring are serval, civet, Southern African wildcat and caracal. Black-backed jackal, brown hyena, aardwolf, porcupine, bushpig and aardvark are nocturnal and rarely seen. Both otter species, the Cape clawless otter, and the smaller spotted-necked otter are to be found throughout the plateau. Their diet includes the introduced rainbow trout and accordingly they are regularly poisoned, trapped or hunted by trout fly-fishing resorts and trout hatcheries who feel their livelihood threatened.Rainbow trout have had a seriously detrimental impact on native fish species in the headwaters of streams draining the Steenkampsberg.
The area is covered by some 150 privately owned farms.
Steenkampsberg, Northern Cape
List of mountain ranges of South Africa
Mpumalanga Tourism
Keep It To Yourself is the debut album by MullMuzzler (a band formed by Dream Theater lead singer James LaBrie). It was released on August 24, 1999.
James LaBrie - lead and backing vocals
Mike Keneally - guitars
Matt Guillory - keyboards, piano
Mike Mangini - drums
Bryan Beller - bass
Trent Gardner - trombone, keyboards, programming, spoken word
Wayne Gardner - horns
Michael Stewart - trumpet, alto sax
Produced by James LaBrie
Engineered and mixed by Terry Brown
Keep It to Yourself on Magna Carta Records' website (archived May 6, 2003)
Piyaseeli Wijegunasingha (February 20, 1943 – September 2, 2010) was a Sri Lankan literary critic, Trotskyist and Marxist scholar, and a member of Sri Lanka's Socialist Equality Party from 1968 until her death. She worked as a lecturer for 44 years at University of Colombo, Sri Lanka, where she became Dean of Faculty for the Department of Sinhala.
Wijegunasinghe attended the University of Peradeniya and as a student led major political struggles in 1965. She became a committed socialist and internationalist, and in 1968 joined the Revolutionary Communist League, which would later become the Sri Lankan Socialist Equality Party (SEP). During her postgraduate studies in Britain, she was active in the UK Workers Revolutionary Party.Wijegunasinghe began a new school of Marxist literary criticism in Sri Lanka, writing three books and delivering many lectures on this topic. She worked as a professor at the University of Colombo in the Sinhala department, where she taught a course on Marxist literary criticism. Wijegunasinghe translated Marxist books into Sinhala and was a writer for the World Socialist Web Site.Wijegunasinghe was married to Wjie Dias, General Secretary of the Sri Lankan SEP, and had a son, Keerthi.
A Materialist Study of Literature (1982)
A Marxist Study of Modern Sinhala Literary Criticism (1987)
A Reply to Sucharitha Gamlath: Marxist Principles on Criticism of the Arts (1995)
The god of small things: A review and a reply (2004)
The year of the publication of Sinhala translation is shown with titles.
The Heritage We Defend by David North (1990)
Gerry Healy and His Place in the History of the Fourth International by David North, Part 1 (1991) and Part 2 (1993)
Bolshevism and the Avant-Garde Artists by David Walsh (1993)
The Aesthetic Component of Socialism by David Walsh (1998)
In Defence of Marxism by Leon Trotsky (2002)
Fire: A film which bears witness to Deepa Mehta's courage as an artist
Life is not the problem, but the conditions under which it is offered
How war has shattered the life of a Sri Lankan village
In the classical realist tradition
The impact of war on daily life in Sri Lanka
A serious attempt to encourage Sri Lankan opera
For the former United Soccer League club, see Austin Aztex.
Austin Aztex FC was an American professional soccer team based in Austin, Texas, United States. Founded in 2008, the team played in the USL First Division, and in the USL Division of the USSF D2 Pro League, the second tier of the American Soccer Pyramid. In October 2010, the Aztex were relocated to Orlando, Florida and became Orlando City after Orlando USL's rights were purchased by Phil Rawlins. The team was resurrected in 2011 by minority owner David Markley as the Austin Aztex, which began play in the USL Premier Development League in 2012 and moved to United Soccer League in 2014.
The team played its home games at Nelson Field, and House Park in Austin. The team's colors were red and white. Their head coach was Englishman and former Everton midfielder Adrian Heath.
The club was owned by English-born Austin businessman Phil Rawlins. Originally from the UK, Rawlins serves on the board of English Premier League club Stoke City. Austin and Stoke had a formal partnership which included sharing training information and players, with Austin acting as a potential player resource for Stoke.Immediately after announcing their intention to join USL1, the Aztex purchased the 2008 USL PDL expansion side Austin Stampede and rebranded it as Austin Aztex U23. Wolfgang Suhnholz was named coach of the U23 team, which commenced play in 2008.
On August 8, 2008, the Aztex announced 2008 PDL Goalkeeper of the Year and former Austin Aztex U23 player, Miguel Gallardo, as their first professional signing for the 2009 season. Gallardo is signed with the team through 2011.The Aztex began their inaugural season as a professional team by playing 4 MLS teams in preseason exhibition matches. The first three games were held in Austin at Nelson Field while the fourth MLS match was in Rio Tinto Stadium on the MLS opening weekend. A fifth exhibition match was scheduled against the CONCACAF semi-finalist Puerto Rico Islanders in between their home and away series against Cruz Azul.
On May 19, 2010, Austin played the Tampa Bay Rowdies in front of 6,051 fans, their largest home crowd in franchise history.On October 22, 2010, an article was published that indicated that the team was likely to move to Orlando, Florida, for the 2011 season. This was confirmed on October 25, as the team became Orlando City SC.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
 Adrian Heath – Head Coach
 Bobby Murphy – Assistant Coach
 David Winner – Goalkeeping Coach
 Shermin Patel – Athletic Trainer
 Adrian Heath (2009–2010)
Nelson Field; Austin, Texas (2009)
House Park; Austin, Texas (2010)
Austin Aztex 2009 season
Austin Aztex U23
Austin Lightning
Austin Aztex (2012–)
The Heart Keeper is a 2019 Nordic noir psychological novel by Norwegian author Alex Dahl. It was published in English in 2019 by Berkley Books, a Penguin Random House imprint. Set in Norway, it tells the story of the loss of a child through the eyes of two different women. Critic Paul Burke described it as "a powerful study of grief and loss, guilt, recriminations, trauma and PTSD, and survival." Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet described Dahl in 2019 as a new star of Nordic noir literature.
Dahl attributes the inspiration for The Heart Keeper to "an incident years ago when the life of her first child was saved by the neo-natal care unit at Ullevål University Hospital."
This page covers the results of leadership elections in the British Columbia New Democratic Party (known as the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation before 1961).
On July 5, 1936, CCF parliamentary leader Robert Connell survived a leadership challenge, 138 votes to 76.  It was also determined, at this meeting, that the party's future leadership would be decided by delegated conventions.
(Held June 26, 1939)
Harold Winch elected 56-11
(Held April 10, 1953)
Arnold Alexander Webster acclaimed
(Held April 6, 1956)
Robert Strachan 72
Leo Thomas Nimsick 35
Arthur James Turner 19
(Held October 28, 1961)
Robert Strachan acclaimed
(Held on June 4, 1967, in Burnaby, British Columbia.)
Robert Strachan 278
Thomas R. Berger 177
(Held on April 12, 1969.)
First ballot:
Thomas R. Berger  364
Dave Barrett  249
Bob Williams  130
John Conway  44Second ballot:
Thomas R. Berger  411
Dave Barrett  375Berger stepped down as party leader after the NDP lost the provincial election of 1969.  Barrett was subsequently chosen as interim party leader.
(Held June 6, 1970)
Dave Barrett acclaimed
(Held on May 20, 1984.)
First ballot:
David Vickers 269
William Stewart King 240
Robert Skelly 171
Margaret Birrell 141
David Stupich 132
Graham Lea 101Lea was eliminated, and endorsed Stupich.
Second ballot:
David Vickers 308
William Stewart King 263
Robert Skelly 218
David Stupich 147
Margaret Birrell 134Birrell was eliminated.  She initially declined to endorse another candidate, but later supported Robert Skelly.
Third ballot:
David Vickers 339
Robert Skelly 313
William Stewart King 292
David Stupich 114Stupich was eliminated.  He declined to endorse another candidate.
Fourth ballot:
David Vickers 383
Robert Skelly 349
William Stewart King 333King was eliminated, and endorsed Skelly.
Fifth ballot:
Robert Skelly 606
David Vickers 452
(Held on April 12, 1987.)
Michael Harcourt acclaimed
(Held on February 18, 1996.)
Glen Clark  802
Corky Evans  234
Joan Smallwood  67
Donovan Kuehn  23
Jack McDonald  6
(Held on February 20, 2000.)
Ujjal Dosanjh  769
Corky Evans  549(Gordon Wilson had been a candidate but withdrew an hour before voting began and endorsed Corky Evans. Labour activist Len Werden had withdrawn the day before the convention.  Joy MacPhail had also been a candidate but she dropped out on January 8, 2000 and threw her support to Ujjal Dosanjh. MacPhail became interim leader after Dosanjh lost his seat in the 2001 provincial election and resigned. On June 4, 2003 she announced her intention to resign as interim leader.)
(Held on November 23, 2003.)
First ballot:
Carole James 325
Nils Jensen 169
Leonard Krog 150
Steve Orcherton 87
Mehdi Najari 32
Peter Dimitrov 12Second ballot:
Carole James  395
Leonard Krog  219
Nils Jensen  162
See 2011 British Columbia New Democratic Party leadership election
(Held on April 17, 2011.)
See 2014 British Columbia New Democratic Party leadership election
(Originally to be held September 28, 2014.)
John Horgan acclaimed leader on May 1, 2014, when the nomination deadline passes with no other candidate registering. He officially took over as party leader May 4, 2014.
List of British Columbia general elections
Leader of the Opposition (British Columbia)
A contraceptive mandate is a government regulation or law that requires health insurers, or employers that provide their employees with health insurance, to cover some contraceptive costs in their health insurance plans.
In 1978, the United States Congress ruled that discrimination on the basis of pregnancy was discrimination on the basis of sex. In 2000, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ruled that companies that provided insurance for prescription drugs to their employees but excluded birth control were violating the Civil Rights Act of 1964. President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) on 23 March 2010. As of 1 August 2011, female contraception was added to a list of preventive services covered by the ACA that would be provided without patient co-payment. The federal mandate applied to all new health insurance plans in all states from 1 August 2012.Grandfathered plans did not have to comply unless they changed substantially. To be grandfathered, a group plan must have existed or an individual plan must have been sold before President Obama signed the law; otherwise they were required to comply with the new law. The Guttmacher Institute said that even before the federal mandate was implemented, twenty-eight states had their own mandates that required health insurance to cover prescription contraceptives, but the federal mandate innovated by forbidding insurance companies from charging part of the cost to the patient. In 2017, the Trump administration issued a ruling letting insurers and employers refuse to provide birth control if doing so would violate their religious beliefs or moral convictions.
In the United States, contraceptive use saves about $21 million in direct medical costs each year.About half of U.S. pregnancies are unintended. Highly effective contraceptives, such as intrauterine devices (IUDs), are underused in the United States.  Increasing use of highly effective contraceptives could help meet the goal set forward in Healthy People 2020 to decrease unintended pregnancy by 10% before 2020.  Cost to the user is one factor preventing many US women from using more effective contraceptives.  Making contraceptives available without a copay increases use of highly effective methods, reduces unintended pregnancies, and may be instrumental in achieving the Healthy People 2020 goal.
Certain aspects of the contraception mandate did not start with the ACA. In December 2000, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ruled that companies that provided prescription drugs to their employees but didn't provide birth control were in violation of Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which prevents discrimination on the basis of sex. That opinion, which the George W. Bush administration did nothing to alter or withdraw when it took office the next month, is still in effect today – and because it relies on Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, it applies to all employers with 15 or more employees. Currently, employers that do not offer prescription coverage or do not offer insurance at all are exempt, because they treat men and women equally, but the new mandate will require prescription coverage.After the EEOC opinion was approved in 2000, reproductive rights groups and employees who wanted birth control access sued employers that refused to comply. The next year, in Erickson v. Bartell Drug Co., a federal court agreed with the EEOC's reasoning. Reproductive rights groups and others used that decision as leverage to force other companies to settle lawsuits and agree to change their insurance plans to include birth control. Some subsequent court decisions echoed Erickson, and some went the other way, but the rule (absent a Supreme Court decision) remained, and over the following decade, the percentage of employer-based plans offering contraceptive coverage tripled to 90%.In 1978, the U.S. Congress made it clear that discrimination on the basis of pregnancy was discrimination on the basis of sex. In 2000, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ruled that companies that provided insurance for prescription drugs to their employees but excluded birth control were violating the Civil Rights Act of 1964. President Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) on 23 March 2010. As of 1 August 2011, contraception was added by HHS regulation to a list of preventive services covered by the ACA per regulation that would be provided without patient co-payment. The federal mandate applies to all new health insurance plans in all states from 1 August 2012. Grandfathered plans do not have to comply unless they change substantially. To be grandfathered, a group plan must have existed or an individual plan must have been sold before President Obama signed the law; otherwise they must comply with the new law. The Guttmacher Institute noted that even before the federal mandate was implemented, 28 states had their own mandates that required health insurance to cover the prescription contraceptives, but the federal mandate innovated by forbidding insurance companies from charging part of the cost to the patient.
With the exception of churches and houses of worship, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act mandates female contraceptive coverage for all employers and educational institutions, even though the mandate itself is not included in the wording of the law(s) passed by Congress. The mandate applies to all new health insurance plans effective August 2012. It controversially includes Christian hospitals, Christian charities, Catholic universities, and other enterprises owned or controlled by religious organizations that oppose contraception on doctrinal grounds.
On January 20, 2012, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced a (then) final rule of an August 1, 2011 interim final rule on health insurance coverage with no cost sharing for FDA-approved contraceptives and contraceptive services (including female sterilization) for women of reproductive age if prescribed by health care providers, as part of women's preventive health services guidelines adopted by the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) for the Affordable Care Act. Male contraception is not eligible.Regulations made under the act rely on the recommendations of the independent Institute of Medicine (IOM) in its July 19, 2011 report Clinical Preventive Services for Women: Closing the Gaps, which concluded that birth control is medically necessary "to ensure women's health and well-being".
The administration allowed a religious exemption. The exemption initially applied to church organizations themselves, but not to affiliated nonprofit corporations, like hospitals, that do not rely primarily on members of the faith as employees. An amendment, the Blunt Amendment, was proposed that "would have allowed employers to refuse to include contraception in health care coverage if it violated their religious or moral beliefs", but it was voted down 51–48 by the U.S. Senate on March 1, 2012.In May 2015 the Obama administration stated that under the ACA, at least one form of all 18 FDA-approved methods of birth control for women must be covered without cost-sharing. These 18 methods include: sterilization surgery, surgical sterilization implant, implantable rod, copper intrauterine device, IUDs with progestin (a hormone), shot/injection, oral contraceptives (the pill), with estrogen and progestin, oral contraceptives with progestin only, oral contraceptives, known as extended or continuous use that delay menstruation, the patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, diaphragm, sponge, cervical cap, female condom, spermicide, emergency contraception (Plan B/morning-after pill), and emergency contraception (a different pill called Ella). All forms of male birth control are exempt from mandatory coverage under the ACA and the "ObamaCare Facts" page explicitly states that "Plans aren't required to cover services related to a man's reproductive capacity, like vasectomies."
In February 2012, a major political controversy erupted with candidates for the Republican nomination for President viewing the regulations as a "direct attack on religious liberty". 
The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops has since taken the lead in opposition to the regulations. Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan, the archbishop of New York and president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, stated that the provision "represents a challenge and a compromise of our religious liberty". The regulations issued under the act are also opposed by active Christian Evangelicals. Other organizations, such as Planned Parenthood, supported the provision.
In response to the criticism, the Obama administration proposed changes under which birth control medication would be provided by the insurers without direct involvement by the religious organization. Regulations were issued on March 16, 2012 for employees of enterprises controlled by religious institutions which self insure. Further regulations were issued on March 16, 2012 which require coverage for students at institutions controlled by religious organizations which purchase insurance. It is believed by the federal government that it is not possible under current law to require contraceptive coverage for students at institutions controlled by religious organizations which self insure.
The Catholic Health Association (CHA) accepted this compromise. Although initially more supportive, Sister Carol Keehan, CEO of the CHA, registered opposition in a five-page letter to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The vice president of Catholic identity and mission at Mount St. Mary's University, Stuart Swetland, said, "It shows [Obama] and the administration are listening to our concerns", but reserved the right to "examine the details". However, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops continued to oppose the regulation, saying that the regulation still requires Catholics in the insurance industry to violate their consciences. Catholic opinion is split with a The New York Times/CBS News poll showing 57% support of the regulations among Catholic voters and about the same by non-Catholics.In June 2013, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals allowed a lawsuit against the mandate by arts and crafts retailer, Hobby Lobby to proceed. The Green family objected to contraceptives which they believe may prevent implantation of a fertilized egg, which according to pro-life advocacy organizations include the emergency contraceptives Plan B (levonorgestrel), ella (ulipristal acetate), and copper IUDs. In July 2013, the Third Circuit denied a preliminary injunction requested by Conestoga Wood Specialties Corporation, a cabinet manufacturing company owned by a Menonite family, requesting an exemption from the mandate on religious grounds. Both of these rulings were appealed to the Supreme Court, which granted certiorari on the consolidated cases to resolve the split. Another decision by the Sixth Circuit in a similar case has been appealed to the Supreme Court, and is being held pending the court's decision in the other two cases.As of January 2014, at least 28 states in the US have contraceptive mandates; however, 20 of them allow some exceptions; four of those attempt to bridge the gap by letting employees buy coverage at the group rate.
A number of challenges to the contraceptive mandate have been brought to the Supreme Court by different types of organizations.
On June 30, 2014, the Supreme Court ruled 5 to 4 in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby that under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), closely held for-profit corporations are exempt from the contraceptive mandate, if they object on religious grounds, because the accommodation offered to objecting non-profits would be a less restrictive way to achieve the ACA's interest. Justice Anthony Kennedy, one of the majority justices, wrote in a concurring opinion that the government "makes the case that the mandate serves the Government's compelling interest in providing insurance coverage that is necessary to protect the health of female employees", but that the RFRA's least-restrictive way requirement was not met because "there is an existing, recognized, workable, and already-implemented framework to provide coverage", the non-profit accommodation.
On February 15, 2012, Priests for Life v. HHS was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York challenging the constitutionality of the contraceptive mandate on behalf of Priests for Life, a national Catholic pro-life organization that was based in New York City, but is now headquartered in Titusville, Florida. The case was dismissed by U.S. District Court Judge Frederic Block for lack of ripeness because the new compromise regulations were not yet finalized. On November 6, 2015 the Supreme Court of the United States decided to review the case combined with 6 other similar challenges to the contraceptive mandate. The case is titled Zubik v. Burwell and the six other challenges include Priests for Life v. Burwell, Southern Nazarene University v. Burwell, Geneva College v. Burwell, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Washington v. Burwell, East Texas Baptist University v. Burwell and Little Sisters of the Poor Home for the Aged v. Burwell.Due to the death of Justice Antonin Scalia before the case was decided, the Supreme Court was deadlocked on Zubik. Instead of issuing a decision, it ordered the cases back to lower courts and ordered the HHS and other responsible departments to work with the parties to come up with new rules for exemptions for the mandate that took into account the parties' concerns. As part of this, by the end of 2016, an initial period of requests for input has been opened as part of the new rule-making procedure.
Shortly after taking office, President Donald Trump issued Executive Order 13798, "Promoting Free Speech and Religious Liberty" in May 2017 to urge the departments responsible for the ACA to issue a conscience-based exemption for the contraceptive mandate as soon as possible. By October 2017, the HHS and other agencies issued a ruling letting insurers and employers refuse to provide birth control if doing so violates their religious beliefs or moral convictions.Several states immediately challenged the new rules in multiple court cases, believing the rules bypassed the process that the Supreme Court has issued in Zubik. In separate cases from the Third and Ninth Circuits, the rules were found to be in violation of the Administrative Procedure Act having been issued in an arbitrary and capricious manner, and a nationwide injunction was placed on their enforcement. The injunction was challenged at the Supreme Court by the government in Little Sisters of the Poor Saints Peter and Paul Home v. Pennsylvania. There, in July 2020, the Court ruled in a 7–2 that the new rules were valid and put into place properly, lifting the injunction.
More Democratic politicians favor these mandates than Republican politicians. Barbara Boxer, Democratic Party Senator for California, and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi favor the Obama policy.Darrell Issa, a Republican congressman from California, said that Americans are divided on this issue: "While some Americans may not feel that forcing them to pay for contraception are an infringement on their religious beliefs, others consider it to be an assault against their freedom of conscience." Issa's February 2012 hearing on the matter was criticized for including only men from conservative religious institutions, and no women.
Some people see the matter as primarily one of women's health, such as the National Women's Law Center. Others see it as a matter of religious freedom.
Certain consumers of mandatory health insurance, such as students matriculated at colleges of further education, have criticized what they perceive to be discrimination in provision or in practice: employer-provided plans that cover University faculty and staff may be subject to legal mandates whereas plans that cover the student body may not. Sandra Fluke was invited to present oral arguments on behalf of certain female student consumers dissatisfied with restrictions attached to registration for undergraduate and graduate attendance at Georgetown University School of Law.
United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (section Hearing on February 16, 2012)
Rush Limbaugh–Sandra Fluke controversy
Title X
Healthy People program
Legal challenges to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
Sandra Fluke on Wikiquote
Rachel VanSickle-Ward and Kevin Wallsten. 2019. The Politics of the Pill: Gender, Framing, and Policymaking in the Battle over Birth Control. Oxford University Press.
Luis Ángel de las Heras Berzal C.F.M. (born 14 June 1963) is a Spanish prelate of the Catholic Church who served as bishop of León in Spain. He previously served as the bishop of Mondoñedo-Ferrol from 2016 to 2020.
Born in Segovia, de las Heras Berzal joined the Missionary Sons of the Immaculate Heart of Mary (colloquially known as the Claretians) as novitiate in 1981. On 26 April 1986  he took his religious vows, and in the same year he was awarded a degree in ecclesiastical studies. He then studied science of education at the Comillas Pontifical University, while at the same time he worked in the field of youth pastoral care for the Claretian province of Castilla.He was ordained to the priesthood by Luis Gutiérrez Martín C.F.M. on 29 October 1988 in the Segovia Cathedral.On 16 March 2016 it was announced that de las Heras Berzal had been chosen by Pope Francis to be the new bishop of the Diocese of Mondoñedo-Ferrol, replacing Manuel Sánchez Monge who had been appointed as the new bishop of Santander the previous year. He was ordained a bishop on 7 May 2016 by the archbishop of Santiago, Julián Barrio Barrio, with Renzo Fratini and Fernando Sebastián Aguilar serving as co-consecrators.On 21 October 2020 it was announced that Pope Francis had chosen de las Heras Berzal as the new bishop of León, succeeding the retiring Julián López Martín.
San Marino competed at the 2013 Mediterranean Games in Mersin, Turkey from the 20th to 30 June 2013.
Men's Singles: Matteo Albani: Silver
Men's Doubles: Bronze
Women's Singles: Anna Maria Ciucci: Silver
Women's Doubles: Bronze
http://info.mersin2013.gov.tr/medals_country.aspx?n=SMR
The yellow-fronted tinkerbird (Pogoniulus chrysoconus) is a small African barbet formerly known as yellow-fronted tinker barbet. It is sometimes considered conspecific with its southern counterpart, the red-fronted tinkerbird, Pogoniulus pusillus. Barbets are near passerine birds with bristles around the base of the bill and a world-wide tropical distribution.
The yellow-fronted tinkerbird is a widespread and frequently common resident breeder in much of Africa south of the Sahara Desert. It is associated with dry open woodland and scrub. 
The yellow-fronted tinkerbird is approximately 11 cm (4.3 in) in length. It is plump, with a short neck, large head, and short tail. The adult has black upperparts heavily streaked with yellow and white. Its head has a strong black and white pattern, with a yellow forecrown spot. The underparts and rump are lemon yellow. Both sexes are similar in appearance, but young birds have a differentiating dark crown that lacks the distinct yellow spot.
The species nests in tree holes and lays two or three eggs.
At about 100 repetitions per minute, the yellow-fronted tinkerbird's call is a fast tink-tink-tink-tink. Many barbets perch prominently, but, unlike their larger relatives, the smaller tinkerbirds sing from cover and are more frequently heard than seen.
The yellow-fronted tinkerbird eats insects and fruit. Mistletoe fruits (Tapinanthus spp.) are swallowed whole. The sticky seeds are regurgitated and wiped off on nearby branches. Across their distribution range, yellow-fronted tinkerbirds are the most important disperser of mistletoes.
Birds of The Gambia by Barlow, Wacher and Disley, ISBN 1-873403-32-1
Yellow-fronted Tinkerbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
Carlos Lastarria (27 August 1918 – 19 October 1987) was a Peruvian sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Eleonora di Garzia di Toledo or Leonor Álvarez de Toledo Osorio (March 1553 – 10 July 1576), more often known as "Leonora" or "Dianora", was the daughter of García Álvarez de Toledo, 4th Marquis of Villafranca, Duke of Fernandina. Leonora was born in Florence, where she was brought up by Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany and his wife Eleanor of Toledo, her aunt and namesake. Betrothed to their son Pietro at the age of 15, she blossomed under the wing of Pietro's older sister, the artistic patron Isabella, into a vivacious and witty beauty. Her marriage, like Isabella's, was not a success, and she followed her mentor's example of taking lovers. For this reason, Pietro had her brought in 1576 to the country retreat of Cafaggiolo, where he strangled her to death with a dog leash. Cosimo's successor, Francesco I, tacitly approved the murder, and Pietro was never brought to justice for it.
Until recently, little was known of Leonora di Garzia di Toledo, and she was not identified as the sitter of several portraits of her. The facts of her life have emerged from the growing scholarship on Isabella de' Medici, with whom she has much in common. In the view of art historian Gabrielle Langdon, "Her story is valuable in revealing attitudes and legalities attendant on the lives and decorum of women in the early-modern Italian court".
Born at the Florentine court in March 1553, Leonora was the daughter of García Álvarez de Toledo y Osorio, Marquis of Villafranca del Bierzo and Duke of Fernandina, and Vittoria d'Ascanio Colonna.  Her father and mother were staying in Florence because García Álvarez had charge of the castles of Valdichiana in the region. When Vittoria Colonna died a few months later, Leonora was left in the care of her aunt Eleonora, the Duchess of Florence. Eleonora and Cosimo raised her lovingly at the Medici court, where she remained for the rest of her life, in effect a menina—a girl groomed for a life at court, in the Spanish tradition of courtly fostering.García Álvarez went on to become the Viceroy of Catalonia (1558–64) and the Viceroy of Sicily (1564–66) on behalf of Philip II of Spain and served as Philip's commander at the Battle of Lepanto in 1571. He was the son of Pedro Álvarez de Toledo (1484–1553), the Spanish Viceroy of Naples. The family came from the grandee class of Spanish nobles, the highest in the land, which was often entrusted with viceroyal powers in Spanish and Habsburg territories; Toledo has been called "Christendom's wealthiest benefice". In 1539,  Pedro Alvarez de Toledo's daughter Eleonora had been married to the duke of Florence, Cosimo I de' Medici, as part of a process of legitimising the Medici ducal title, granted only in 1532, under Habsburg auspices. She went on to bear Cosimo 11 children, including the future grand dukes Francesco and Ferdinando, as well as Pietro and Isabella.
After Eleonora died in 1562, Cosimo's daughter Isabella replaced her as the first lady of Florence. She acted as a surrogate consort and also took over the supervision of Leonora's upbringing. The red-headed Leonora, who possessed a natural charm, was popular in the Medici family. At the age of five, she was reported as being a comfort to Cosimo's second daughter Lucrezia, from whom she became inseparable, when Lucrezia was apart from her husband Alfonso d'Este. Lucrezia died in 1561, leaving Isabella as Cosimo's only surviving daughter; the duke was, however, extremely fond of Leonora, and treated her as his own daughter. He was charmed by her vivacity and physical vigour—she delighted in horsemanship and arms—though he occasionally gently reminded her to behave with more decorum. Owing to the close family and political ties between the House of Medici and the viceroyal family of  Toledo, a marriage was arranged between Leonora and Cosimo's son Pietro, with whom she had grown up and who was of a similar age. The couple were betrothed in 1568 when Leonora was 15, with the approval of Philip II of Spain. Garcia Álvarez de Toledo provided her with a dowry of 40,000 gold ducats. They were married at the Palazzo Vecchio in April 1571, and it was reported that Pietro had to be forced to consummate the union. On 10 February 1573, Leonora gave birth to a son, Cosimo ("Cosimino"), who was the sole male Medici heir in this generation until his death three years later, in August 1576, one month after his mother's death.
For Leonora, the marriage brought both advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, it cemented her relationship with one of the richest families in Europe and allowed her to remain at a court where women were often granted more freedom, or at least discretion, than elsewhere; on the other hand, Pietro was the least stable of the Medici offspring, exhibiting from an early age a cruel and disturbed temperament that troubled his parents. As a result, the marriage, unlike that of Cosimo and Eleonora, was never a physical and emotional success. In this it resembled that of Isabella de' Medici, whose protégée Leonora became, and Paolo Giordano I Orsini. Duke Cosimo had married his beloved daughter Isabella into the House of Orsini for political reasons, to strengthen his position on the borders of southern Tuscany. Although Isabella had two children by Paolo Giordano, she had chosen not to live at her husband's castle at Bracciano or in Rome, where he conducted his political and amorous affairs. Instead, with Cosimo's permission, she had remained in Florence, cultivating an artistic salon at her Villa Baroncelli in the south of the city, and discreetly taking lovers, notably Troilo Orsini, a cousin of her husband's. Leonora became part of Isabella's circle and renowned for her beauty and vivacity. Like Isabella, she sponsored charities and the arts, serving as the patron of the literary Accademia degli Alterati. Neglected by her husband, she also followed Isabella's example in taking lovers. Under the libertarian Cosimo, such behaviour was tolerated as long as discretion was maintained and the marriages reaped political advantages. The women's respective husbands conducted affairs of their own, leading largely separate lives.
Thus matters stood until the death of Cosimo, by then raised to the title of grand duke, in 1574. His successor, the reclusive Grand Duke Francesco, was, however, very different. Though he maintained a mistress of his own, much to the distress of his wife, Joanna of Austria, Cosimo's eldest son was a much less sociable and tolerant ruler than his father. Rather than attend court and participate in the artistic life of Florence, he preferred to pursue science, often locking himself up in his laboratory in the Casino of San Marco to carry out experiments in alchemy, poisons, and porcelain-making. Unfortunately for Isabella, her brother did not look upon her lifestyle as indulgently as Cosimo. While he continued to cultivate the advantageous relations between her husband's house and Florence, he was less willing to turn a blind eye to the behaviour of Isabella and Leonora and to the complaints of their spouses, for whom their adultery was a question of honour rather than jealousy. Eleven years younger than Isabella, Leonora was somewhat less prudent in her amorous adventures. Neither woman, however, grasped the danger posed to them by the new regime or the extremity of the plotting that began to coil against them.
On 11 July 1576, Pietro de' Medici sent a note to his brother, Grand Duke Francesco, from the Villa Medici at Cafaggiolo, north of Florence: "Last night at six hours an accident occurred to my wife and she died. Therefore Your Highness be at peace and write me what I should do, and if I should come back or not." The next day, Francesco wrote to his brother Ferdinando in Rome: "Last night, around five o'clock, a really terrible accident happened to Donna Leonora. She was found in bed, suffocated, and Don Pietro and the others were not in time to revive her".In fact, Leonora's death was not an accident: Pietro had murdered her in cold blood, with Francesco's connivance. She was 23. Six days later, in a similar manner, her best friend, Isabella de' Medici, was strangled by her husband, Paolo Giordano, and an assistant at the remote Medici villa at Cerreto Guidi. Francesco announced the death of his sister as an accident. On 29 July, the ambassador of the Duchy of Ferrara wrote in code to Alfonso d'Este:
I advise Your Excellency of the announcement of the death of Lady Isabella; of which I heard as soon as I arrived in Bologna, [and] has displeased as many as had the Lady Leonora's; both ladies were strangled, one at Cafaggiolo and the other at Cerreto. Lady Leonora was strangled on Tuesday night; having danced until two o'clock, and having gone to bed, she was surprised by Lord Pietro [with] a dog leash at her throat, and after much struggle to save herself, finally expired. And the same Lord Pietro bears the sign, having two fingers of his hand injured by [them being] bitten by the lady. And if he had not called for help two wretches from Romagna, who claim to have been summoned there precisely for this purpose, he would perhaps have fared worse. The poor lady, as far as we can understand, made a very strong defence, as was seen by the bed, which was found all convulsed, and by the voices which were heard by the entire household. As soon as she died, she was placed in a coffin prepared there for this event, and taken to Florence in a litter at six o'clock in the morning, led by those from the villa, and accompanied with eight white tapers [carried] by six brothers and four priests; she was interred as if she were a commoner.
The diarist Agostino Lapini recorded that everyone knew very well that Leonora had been killed. "[S]he was ... beautiful, gracious, genteel, becoming, charming, affable," he wrote, "and above all had two eyes in her head which were like two stars in their beauty". Bastiano Arditi recorded that she was "deposited in a box, in San Lorenzo, without any other ceremonies".
At first, Grand Duke Francesco put it about that Leonora had died of a heart attack. But the Florence grapevine knew otherwise, and the Spanish were outraged at this treatment of such a high-ranking subject of their crown. Under pressure, Francesco eventually admitted the truth. He wrote to Philip II of Spain, on whose favour his title depended: "Although in the letter I had told you of Donna Eleonora's accident, I have nevertheless to say to His Catholic Majesty that Lord Pietro our brother had taken her life himself because of the treason she had committed through behaviour unbecoming to a lady ... We wish that His Majesty should know the truth ... and at the first opportunity he will be sent the proceedings through which she should have known with what just reasons Lord Pietro acted".The "proceedings" Francesco had in mind concerned the documented behaviour of Leonora's lover Bernardino Antinori, who had often been seen publicly with her in her coach. Francesco had imprisoned Antinori, a hero of the Battle of Lepanto and member of the prestigious Order of Saint Stephen, on Elba in June 1576, having briefly imprisoned him earlier in the year for brawling. Love letters and poems written by Antinori, extolling Leonora's beauty and charms in minute Petrarchian detail, were "found hidden in her foot stool". Antinori was strangled in his cell two days before Leonora met the same fate. There was also a political dimension to the murders, because Antinori and another associate of Leonora's, Pierino Ridolfi—according at least to Ridolfi's confession under torture—were implicated in an anti-Medici vendetta led by Orazio Pucci. For this reason, Francesco convinced himself that Leonora's misdemeanours had also encompassed treason.Francesco's approval meant that Pietro was never brought to justice for Leonora's murder, despite the protests of her brother Pedro Álvarez de Toledo y Colonna that her death was unacceptable. However, just over a year after the murder, Francesco exiled Pietro to the Spanish court, where he largely spent the rest of his life, visiting Florence only to beg money to pay his gambling debts. Francesco sent Pietro away "to see if he makes a man of this house and rises above the indolence that vainly consumes the best years of his youth". Pietro died in 1604, unreformed and mired in debt.
Langdon, Gabrielle. Medici Women: Portraits of Power, Love, and Betrayal. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2007. ISBN 978-0-8020-9526-8.
Murphy, Caroline P. Isabella de' Medici: The Glorious Life and Tragic End of a Renaissance Princess. London: Faber and Faber, 2008. ISBN 978-0-571-23030-3.
Pilliod, Elizabeth. Pontormo, Bronzino, Allori: A Genealogy of Florentine Art. New Haven (CT): Yale University Press, 2001. ISBN 0-300-08543-5.
Stanislav Kišš (born 16 December 1978 in Prešov) is a professional Slovak football defender who currently plays for TJ Rozvoj Pušovce.
Last updated: 28 December 2009
Player profile at mfkkosice.sk
Gasthof zum Goldenen Sternen is the oldest inn in Basel, Switzerland founded in 1349. It is a part of the Swiss history, because in its room on 13 July 1501 the ten messengers of the Federal States were received by the Baslers for a welcome drink.
In 1964, for a road widening it was relocated from Aeschenvorstadt, the building was dismantled brick by brick, and in 1973–74 it was rebuilt at St. Alban-Rheinweg to its original shape.
List of oldest companies
Homepage
Gordon Michael Coleman (born 11 February 1954) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He began his career with Preston North End, remaining with the club for ten years and making over 300 appearances in all competitions before joining Bury in 1983. He spent one season with Bury and briefly played for Morecambe before retiring from football.
Born in Nottingham, Coleman was keen on several sports as a child. He represented the county of Nottingham at cricket and played youth football until the age of 11, when he moved to a local grammar school where they only played rugby. He eventually returned to playing football at the age of 16, joining local team Padstow Youth Club. Having achieved 7 O levels and 2 A levels at school, Coleman was set to attend a teacher training college but was recommended to Peter Robinson, the chief scout at Preston North End, by Tommy Capel. He attended a week-long training camp at the club, living in a local hostel during his stay, and impressed enough to remain with the club for six weeks before being offered a one-year contract by manager Bobby Charlton. He moved to Preston, sharing a house with teammate Eric Snookes, playing in two reserve team matches before being handed his professional debut during a 2–0 victory over West Bromwich Albion on 1 October 1973.Coleman eventually established himself in the first team, helping the club win promotion from Division Three during the 1977–78 season, and played in every outfield position for the club during his time at Deepdale. In 1982, he scored the winning goal during a 2–1 victory over Preston's West Lancashire rivals Blackpool in the second round of the FA Cup while sitting down in the opposition penalty area. Having fallen to the ground during an attack, Coleman headed the ball while sitting down, sending the ball over the head of defender Terry Pashley to win the match. In August 1983, Coleman left Preston after making over 300 appearances for the club in all competitions, having lost his place in the first-team due to injury. He instead joined Bury where he spent one season before joining Morecambe.
During the final years of his playing career, Coleman completed a degree in Social Psychology, and was employed by Wigan Metropolitan Borough Council following his retirement from playing. He returned to Nottingham 18 months later to become the manager of a local leisure centre, working towards a master's degree in business from Nottingham Trent University in his spare time. He later returned to football, spending five years working for the Professional Footballers' Association before working for Nottingham Forest.
The Undergraduates of Canadian Research Intensive Universities (UCRU) is an alliance of students' unions in Canada. Their common objective is to protect the interests and advocate on behalf of over 240,000 undergraduate university students from Canada's largest research intensive universities (U15) , and to provide research and recommendations to the government on how to improve post-secondary education in Canada. The UCRU began as an informal association called ADVOCAN, and was formalized and rebranded in late 2017.
The ten member associations of the UCRU are:
Waterloo Undergraduate Student Association (WUSA) – University of Waterloo
Western University’s Student Council (USC) – Western University
McMaster Student Union (MSU) – McMaster University
The Alma Mater Society (AMS) – Queen's University
University of Toronto Student Union (UTSU) – University of Toronto
The Alma Mater Society of UBC Vancouver (AMS-UBC) – University of British Columbia
University of Saskatchewan Students’ Union (USSU) – University of Saskatchewan
University of Manitoba Students Union (UMSU) – University of Manitoba
Student's Society of McGill University (SSMU) -- McGill University
The University of Ottawa's Students' Union (UOSU) - University of Ottawa
Indigenous Students
International Students
Canada Federal Student Loans Program
Undergraduate Research Funding
Official website
Canadian Alliance of Student Associations (CASA)
Canadian Federation of Students (CFS)
